---
author: Hartman "Moff Hart" Andersen
title: LUKE WILL DIE
side: Dark
date: 2000-07-29
description: This is the second time I am submitting this deck because I didn't like my previous Title (too long).
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place
DSII Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations(8)
DSII DB
Tatooine DB
Endor Landing Platform
Spaceport DB
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Endor
Tatooine

Characters(16)
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Motti
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett

Admirals Orders(1)
We're in Attack Position Now

Starships(7)
Executor
Chimaera
Accusor
Devastator
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One

Vehicles(3)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 3

Weapons(3)
Vader's Lightsaber
Darth Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Effects(5)
Battle Order
Disarmed
Secret Plans
Emporer's Power
Overseeing It Personally

Interrupts(9)
Rise, My Friend x2
Young Fool
Force Lightning
Focused Attack
Sniper
Trample
Twi'lek Advisor
You Are Beaten


Strategy: 

We don't like Luke. This deck activates quickly and drains and battles well. The light will be hard pressed to find shelter.

To start, you want to use Prepared Defenses to pull out Imperial Arrest Order (IAO), Mobilization Points and You Cannot Hide Forever(YCHF). YCHF can be used to weaken opponent's jedi, or pull out Battle Order or Overseeing it Personally later in the game. IAO will be used to pull out your other 4 Docking Bays and get rid of some 0 destinies. It also helps to add 2 to forfeit to five of your ability 2 imperials(don't forget this). Use Mobilization Points throughout the game to activate a ton from your occupied Docking Bays. Also, use it to pull out Executor from your Reserve if you need the extra umpf in space.

1st turn--You'll want to pull out Emperor and Emporer's power quickly from Reserve. He'll give you the extra force activation and Emperor's Power will prevent them from quickly deploying to DSII to kill Emporer. Also, pull out DSII DBay.

2nd Turn--pull out Tatooine DB and deploy some extra help for emperor, in case they get some silly ideas. Vader and Mara would be nice to deploy if you have them. You'll then be able to use Your Destinies' damage of 3 on your next turn. If you have Overseeing It personally, deploy it, or use YCHF to get it from Reserve deck. You really will use this to force drain to the max on planet sites, like Tatooine.

Rest of game--Get out all DBs and other sites if possible. The Tatooine locations are nice because of the high force drain, coupled with Overseeing it Personally. Get emperor and your team on Tatooine at first to drain. You'll notice that all characters are imperials, so you can add to force drain with Overseeing It Personally. Deploy Spaceport docking bay to Tatooine, or to Renegade planet if you need to take care of Operatives. The emperor and his cronies (Sim Aloo and Janus Greejatus) help with extra battle destinies and force drains. Use Sim Aloo to get rid of the top card of their Reserve Deck if they are destiny tracking. Have Force Lightning available so that you can waste rebels that are stupid enough to defy you. Use Young Fool to put Obi-Wan out of play for the rest of the game after you slice and dice him, or if he simply forfeits from battle. Also, play it to cancel NOOOOOOO, so all of your hard dueling work isn't for naught. Once you capture Luke, you can easily move Emperor back to DSII Throne Room through DB to duel. Use your vehicles for more damage. I love Trampleing and the AT-ATs' immunity to attrition. You have some great pilots (Chiraneau and DS-61's) that add 3 to anything they pilot. They can be used on vehicles or in space. Get out Secret Plans if they are retrieving. I hate retrieval.

For space (and balance) I have put in Battle Plans and We're in Attack Position Now. This AO will help immensely with your capital starhips and deploying your pilots cheaply to them. Immunity to Attrition of <4 or enhanced by 2 rocks. Your Star Destroyers can almost be invincible (unless they use weapons against you--but your sheer power, cheep deploy, and Bounty hunters could deter them). Use Admiral Piett to pull AO from Reserve if you can't find it otherwise. The AO can also replace opponent's own AO so their plans are frustrated. Admiral Chiraneau is an awesome pilot and can add to force drains in space. The Bounty Hunter ships can decimate rebel ships, especially if they don't suspect them.

You have a lot of arsenal at your fingertips. If you play the cards right, you should be able to dominate. You might want to put in There is No Try if you think that they will use Senses and Alters. Let me know what you think.
