---
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: Tatooine Superior Court Now In Session
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-02
description: This deck has proved to be a vicious one.  In tournament play, it has won 80% of its games played by > 15 differential.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS - 8
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Jabba's Palace: Rancor Pit
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm

CHARACTERS - 17
Bane Malar
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan
Ephant Mon
Feltipern Trevagg
Jabba The Hutt
Jodo Kast
Lyn Me
Myo
Ree-Yees
Zuckuss
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun

CREATURES - 1
Rancor
STARSHIPS - 2
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Death Star Assault Squadron

VEHICLES - 1
Mobquet A-1 Deluxe Floater

EFFECTS - 13
All Wrapped Up
Death Mark
Destroyed Homestead
Imperial Propaganda (x3)
Presence Of The Force (x2)
Reactor Terminal
Scum And Villainy (x2)
Search And Destroy
You Cannot Hide Forever

OBJECTIVE - 1
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

INTERRUPTS - 17
Elis Helrot
Hutt Smooch
Jabba's Through With You (x2)
Look Sir, Droids
None Shall Pass (x2)
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Point Man
Prepared Defenses
Projective Telepathy
Res Luk Ra'auf
Trap Door (x3)
Twi'lek Advisor
Wounded Warrior


Strategy: 

Starting stuff:
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die, Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon, Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber, Jabba's Palace: Dungeon, Prepared Defenses for All Wrapped Up and You Cannot Hide Forever


Object of deck:
This is what may be perceived as a typical Court deck.	The goal is to drain for a lot on Tatooine, and when your opponent comes after you, you can capture their guys and feed them to the Rancor.  The Mobquet is a transit bonus on Tatooine, which will help move captives around faster and react to battles.  Projective Telepathy, while defensive, can also be used to cancel battles you initiate when Scum And Villainy is on table.	Death Mark and Destroyed Homestead work especially well against opponent with it's direct damage.  You Cannot Hide Forever should be sacked to pull Search And Destroy early against MWYHL and EBO especially.
Anti-Archetype cards :: Look Sir, Droids defends against A Gift; Hutt Smooch defends against both A Gift and Undercover spies; Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo? defends against Nabrun Leids; Projective Telepathy defends against full beatdown squads early; Cloud City Engineer reclaims converted sites (esp.  Audience Chamber vs. Profit decks); Feltipern Trevagg defends against decks w/o Battle Plan on table.  The Death Star Assault Squadron and the Imperial Propagandas are nice anti-EBO cards.  The DSAS can act like a suicide EPP, and the Imperial Propagandas can make your opponent hurt when draining for 3+, and could instill a little fear into them.

