---
author: Charlie "Bad Player" Herren
title: Suck on my Chocolate Salty Balls (BHBM)
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-22
description: 
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 


Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (6)
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2
Flagship Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Characters (15)
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Captain Godhert
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Janus Greejatus  x2
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lord Vader  x2
Officer Evax
Sim Aloo
Emperor Palatine

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber  x2

Effects (12)
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Come Here You Big Coward!
Emperor's Power
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Search And Destroy
You Cannot Hide Forever
Your Destiny
Lateral Damage

Interrupts (15)
Force Lightning
Monnok
The Circle Is Now Complete  x2
You Are Beaten
Prepared Defenses
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
Alter  x2
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move	x2
Sense  x2

Unknown Type:
Rendili
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Spaceport Docking Bay

Unknown Type:
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place


Strategy: 

Always start Mobilization Points and Imperial Arrest Order. The 3rd starting effect depends on what the opponent is playing.
Start Battle Order against Ops or EBO.
Start You Cannot Hide Forever against HB and There is Good in Him.
Start Oppressive Enforcement against everything else.


Use Mobilization Points and the Throne Room to get Rendili and Emperor's Power from reserve. Drop DS2 DB and Empy there if you can, then pull Force Lightning. Play this like a beatdown deck. Hit hard when and where you can, do damage with drains/direct damage. Pretty simple...

Reasons for certain cards:
- Force Lightning:
Force Lightning is more useful than a 2nd Emperor, since you can pull it from reserve. You can use it with Janus' game text or any character with the Emperor (play Force Lightning Used) to search your reserve deck every turn to check your force Pile
- Janus x2:
He deploys for 1 with the Emperor, does nifty tricks with Force Lightning, and allows you to do tracking easily so you can win with your objective (as needed).
- Spaceport Docking Bay:
Mobility = good. You need to be able to get to Tatooine or Dantooine sometimes, and this is the easiest way to do so. If all else fails, it becomes a Rendili DB (as needed).
- Light SAC package:
This comes in handy quite often. With an Oppressive start, you can often use your SAC to make the opponent use theirs. Then, you drop the real threat (Lateral Damage, Blast Door Controls, etc.), and there's a chance that your opponent can't do anything about it.

Anyway, have fun with this one..
Later,
Charlie Herren
2000 Dagobah Regional Champ