---
author: Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: Burn Him Before Me
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-20
description: Dark Side beatdown using Bring Him
Before Me as a platform for being.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7):
Burn Him Before Me
DS2 : Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Variable Effect

Locations (5):
Rendili
DS2 : Docking Bay
CC: Docking Bay
Executor : DBay
Coruscant : DB

Characters (16):
Lord Vader
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Emperor Palpatine
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Commander Igar
Janus Greejatus
Officer Evax
Captain Sarkli
Captain Godhert
Dr. Evazan
4-LOM w/ Gun

Weapons/Devices (2):
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara's Lightsaber

Starships (9):
Devastator
Avenger
Dominator
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bus
Dengar in Punishing One
Fett in Slave 1
Vader's Shuttle
Emperor's Shuttle

Vehicles (2):
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts (8):
Imperial Barrier x2
You Are Beaten
Weapon Levitation
Masterful Move
Shut Him Up
Twi'lek Advisor
Projective Telepathy

Effects (11):
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Emperor's Power
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Crush the Rebellion
Prescence of the Force x2
You Cannot Hide Forever


Strategy: 

Arrest Order and Mobil Points are always start and
the 3rd effect depends on the opponent's start.
This deck went 4-0 with a +55 differential at
the Dagobah Regional for me.

Notes : This deck isn't really meant to flip. It
is meant to beatdown and stack a lot. It can win
by flipping but I've not done that yet , don't ask
me to put in cards like Rise , My Friend and stuff
99% of the time I don't have time to flip and win.
Emperor's Shuttle is a great ship and remember ,
it says Emperor is deploy -2 , it doesn't say you
have to deploy him to Death Star 2.

v. Throne Room : Start Battle Order or Oppressive
Enforcement. Set up Battle Order as soon as
possible its huge.

v. MWYHL : Probably wanna start Op Enforcement.
Projective Telepathy in there for AFA. You can
setup 3 battlegrounds 2 already and 1 w/ PotF and
if they deploy to any of them you'll be able to
destroy them after Barrier.

v. TISGIHim : Hmm. I usually start You Cannot Hide
Forever and keep it on the table. Depending on
where the opponent likes to battle you should be
able to keep up with him by tracking and using
Emperor's Power if need be.

v. Hidden Base : Lat Damage can be rough and
winning battles is what it is all about.

v. Anything Else : Hmm. Use Janus to manipulate
yourself to get whatever card you want. Try to
get OpEnforcement up so your counter cards don't
get Sensed , it doesn't matter if they go to Used
but you don't want cards going to the Lost Pile
because they go there pretty quick on their own. 