---
author: Kevin "KevOfCrofton" Elia
title: Not Big, But Massive Blue
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-30
description: This is Big Blue. The perfect combination of high power and great destiny.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time

Locations(11):
CC: Upper Walkway
Bespin
Bespin: Cloud City
Coruscant
Endor
Kashyyyk
Mon Calamari
Fondor
Sullust
Wakeelmui
Nal Hutta

Starships(21):
Dominator
Avenger
Scimitar Squadron TIE x5
Scythe Squadron TIE x2
Chimaera
Vengeance
The Emperor's Sword
Accuser
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
Dengar In Punishing One
Flagship Executor
Visage
Devastator
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Death Star Assault Squadron
The Emperor's Shield

Characters(7):
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Motti
Admiral Chiraneau
Commander Merrejk
Commander Igar
Captain Godherdt

Combat Vehicles(2):
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Admiral's Orders(3):
We're In Attack Position Now x3

Effects(7):
Mobilization Points
Sienar Fleet Systems x3
Planetary Subjugation
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned For Them

Interrupts(8):
Talon Roll x2
Short Range Fighters x2
Shocking Revelation
Imperial Command
Prepared Defenses
Twi'lek Advisor


Strategy: 

	 THE Big Blue deck. This deck has been copied by A LOT of people. Start with the objective, CC: Upper Walkway, Secret Plans (with the obj.), Something Special Planned For Them, Mobilization Points(pulls Wakeelmui), and Planetary Subjugation(makes your bombers an obscene destiny 7). Get Shocking Revelation out of reserve every turn so you can look through your deck for Wakeelmui, Bespin, Cloud City, SFS, etc. Wait for your opponent to play something, and then retrieve lost force with massive TIE&#8217;s. Big Star Destroyers, HUGE destiny, and the ability to send a lost TIE to your used pile guarantees you outlasting them in space. The walkers are only in there for ambush or to occupy a battleground site for Battle Plan. You can get a real nice drain going with Chiraneau and all your high parsec systems. I don&#8217;t use Kiffex because it&#8217;s to far from where I want to concentrate my forces. As proof of this deck working, check my Decipher rating. It&#8217;s 1924. This deck has lost only 3 games since it&#8217;s creation in May 1999, one of those losses to Steven Turner. Since the beginning, the focus has changed greatly but always relied on heavy space. Oh, my collection of Admiral's Orders is up to 104. If you have a bunch you want to get rid of, D-mail me.
