---
author: Mike "OQrygg" Merletto
title: Court Of The Vile Abyssins
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-12
description: COTVG using Scum And Villainy and Abyssins to win with high differential.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (6)
Court Of The Vile Gangster/ISEWYD
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Twi'lek Advisor
Scum And Villainy

Locations: (4)
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon

Characters: (20)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Abyssin x10
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Ephant Mon
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Myo x2
U-3P0 (Yoo-threepio)

Starships: (3)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts: (16)
Abyssin Ornament x2
Combat Readiness x3
Elis Helrot x2
Ghhhk x2
Masterul Move
Monnok
None Shall Pass x2
Oota-Goota, Solo?
Twi'lek Advisor x2

Effects: (10)
Den Of Thieves
Expand The Empire
First Strike
Insignificant Rebellion
No Bargain
Presence Of The Force x2
Secret Plans
There'll Be Hell To Pay
There Is No Try

Weapons: (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Strategy: 

So this is what I've come up with for a reliable, yet fun Dark Side for people without an Emperor =).  Abyssins along with Scum And Vilainy make for suprisingly high differentials.

First turn, you will have 5 force minimum. Get Jabba with the Audience Chamber gametext. If you drew an Abyssin Ornament, play it right after you activate so you can make sure Jabba is in your deck to grab him.

Against Profit, you will want to start Jabba and Chall Bekan, and use Chall's text to grab the Cloud City Engineer. The Engineer deploys for free (-1 from Scum, Jabba, and Chall), and once you convert it to your AC, you can deploy either Myo from your reserve.

Combat Readiness is a really cool card in this deck, since you will need some Force during battle to regenerate your Abyssins with. I tend to always leave 1 Force for it, either for Draw Their Fire, or in case I draw an ass destiny like Ghhhk.

I've started using Insignificant Rebellion (and it's LS counterpart, I Feel The Conflict) in most of my battle oriented decks. Not only does it steal an extra Force from your opponent to add insult to injury, but it also helps you cross Luke, which as you can probably tell, is the focal point of this deck =P

Using sacrificial Abyssins to have the opponent deploy characters is fun. You regenerate your Abyssin, so you only lost your Ghkhk, then next turn you follow up with 4 Abyssins with a total power of 16, all for 4 Force! And they will most likely have at least a forfeit of 5. That's a pretty damn cheap strike force! Plus you get to retreive your Ghhhk plus at least one more.