---
author: Brandon "Tantive XXX" Knapp
title: It Is Your Destiny (v1.o)
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-08
description: This is my old Hunt Down deck with a fw modifications to makeit a BHBM deck.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Unknown Type (7)
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Rendili

Characters (18)
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar
Dannik Jerriko
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
Emperor Palatine x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba The Hutt
Janus Greejatus
Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Sim Aloo

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (6)
Avenger
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Devastator
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (12)
Alter x3
Prepared Defenses
Rise, My Friend
Sense x4
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
You Are Beaten

Effects (11)
Emperor's Power
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Insignificant Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Presence Of The Force x2
Security Precautions
Something Special Planned For Them
You Cannot Hide Forever
Your Destiny

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Unknown Type (1)
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place


Strategy: 

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE REVIEWING

**NOTE**:  I know someone will say that HotJ will slow me down but it won't really.  I'll have 2 battlegrounds out by the 2nd turn and I have 3 more battlegrounds and 2 PotF in my deck.  Also, if they put it out before they occupy a battleground I'll Alter it.  Also, I'd ike to add a Monnok and Sniper but don't know what to take out. If you could, please tell me what to take out.


-How To Set Up-

I usually start the Objective stuff, Prepared Defenses, IAO, Mob Pts, and SSPFT.

Turn 1- Get out Rendili and Emperor's Power before you activate.  Activate 3. Get out D*II DB, deploy the Emperor to the D*II DB, and Emperor's Power to the Throne Room.

Turn 2- Activate 9.  Get out the Landing Platform and hopefully you'll be able to put Vader.  Then deploy either Ozzel, DS-61-2, Sim Aloo, or Janus Greejatus [If you have one in hand] to the D*DB and move the Emperor to the Throne Room.  If you can't do this, then just draw up.

Turn 3- Make the opponent loose 3 force [1 if HotJ is out]. Activate 12.  Drain for 1 [2 if Vader has his Saber].  Now all you have to do is play smart and you should win.

-Against Popular Deck Types-

Profit- Start Jabba and Fett for your aliens and instead of putting the Emperor at the D*II DB put him at the Throne Room so you can use Emperor's Power.  If they try a beatdown against Fett and Jabba, I'll have a power of 7 with 3 Destinies.  This game is an easy win because Han is Frozen, Luke will be captured, and to take care of Ben, I'll use Circle is now complete.  That leaves only Leia, Chewie, Lando, and the new Wedge for beatdowns.

Hidden Base- Start IAO, Mob Pts, and YCHF.  Keep YCHF out a little while just to make sure it's not a #s deck.  Once you're sure it's not #s, loose it to get Sec. Precautions.  Then just once you probe correctly, all you have to do is drain them and Your Destiny them to death.

EBO- Start IAO, Mon Pts, and Decree.  All you have to do is get control of 2 Hoth sites and there drains are pretty much dead.	Now all you have to do is Your Destiny them and drain.

Throne Room Mains- This deck is mainly a beatdown deck and shouldn't have a problem with mains.  The Circle Is Now Complete takes care of Obi-wan and the Objective takes care of Luke.  All you have to worry about is Leia, Han, Chewie, Lando, and	the New Wedge.

MWYHL- This is a pretty easy win. All you have to do is drain and Your Destiny them to death.  SSPFT takes care of their On and Off The Edges so they won't be able to retrieve much.

