---
author: Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: System Overload (Admiral Ozzel Superstar)
side: Light
date: 2001-12-06
description: Deck design by Michael Pistone and Eric Hunter.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: 7
ISB Objective
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Decree
Mob. Points
IAO & Secret Plans
Fear Is My Ally

Locations: 5
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Flagship Bridge
Executor: DB
Spaceport:DB

Characters: 18
5x Outer Rim Scout
5D6-RA7
2x Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Commander Merrejek
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Chiranneu
Guri
Epp Maul
Admiral Piett
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Epp Vader
4-Lom With Gun

Vehicles: 1
Blizzard 1

Admirals Order: 1
Battle Deployment

Ships: 8
Executor
Chimaera
Avenger
Devastator
2x Tie Interceptor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One

Weapons: 2
2x Tie Cannon

Interrupts: 14
Dark Maneuvers
Imperial Artillery
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
3x Imperial Command
2x Projective Telepathy
2x We Must Accelerate Our Plans
3x Overload
Abyssin Ornament

Effects: 4
His Name Is Anakin
2x Bad Feeling Have I
Lateral Damage

Shields: 10
There Is No Try
Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
You Cannot Hide Forever
Allegations Of Corruption
Do They Have A Code Clearance
Come Here You Big Cowards
We’ll Let Fate Decide
A Useless Gesture
You’ve Never Won A Race? 

Strategy: 

UPDATE:
Hey ”LONGSHOT” read the damn LS Combat objective.  I can’t cancel their drains but I CAN modify them.

So if you want a really tight deck that is incredibly fun to play look no further.  This thing is incredibly solid, works well in the current meta and also is probably unexpected.

First, about card choices:
Mob Points: They can cancel it with the shield...great.  Just pull Executor as your first action, and later on, you will get a battleground system.

Decree: Canceling Drain bonuses is good.

Spaceport DB: For wherever you need it...basically use it at Naboo, with 5-D6 aboard Blizzard 1 to subtract from drains of Lightsaber combat.  And they can’t do anything about it!

Admiral Ozzel: Best deploy/forfeit ratio in the game.  Pull him with Imperial command.  He is an ISB agent.  Lose him to drains, retrieve him during draw phase, pull him with Imperial command.  Track him and use Overload.  All this makes him a Superstar.

Guri: Maybe unnecessary for this deck, but she just reinforces the whole idea about controlling your opponent.

Epp Maul: He’s good...if you don’t have him, use a Tatooine Maul.

Fett Bounty Hunter: When your opponent spreads thin and doesn’t think you will come to the ground, send him and Vader down and just win the game that way.

4-Lom W/Gun: Incredibly powerful, adds w/ Zuckuss...helps Fett add destinies, and can cancel anyone’s game text.

Blizzard 1: For 5-D6 to cancel drains on.

Battle Deployment: To deploy Blizzard 1

2x Tie Interceptor: Shoot down all of QMC and WYS ships = you win the game.

Dengar in ship: SOOOO Powerful, cancel immunity and add to destinies.  This card makes them actually have to lose something in battle.

Dark Maneuvers: Trackable 6 that makes it harder for your ship to be shot down.

Artillery: Trackable 7 that deals damage.  How is that NOT good.

Ghhk/Those Rebels: This card is so useful in the environment right now where Light runs from everything.

2x Projective Telepathy: If you notice...i give little force, this helps that especially against LS combat.

3x Overload: INCREDIBLY good card.  Qui-Gon’s new saber, and X-Wing Cannon’s are both destiny 5’s and being heavily played right now.  Use this and it really hurts.  Track Admiral Ozzel Superstar around, and it REALLY REALLY hurts.

His Name Is Anakin/Bad Feeling Have I: These help aid the force denial even more.



Ok so this deck has a few major themes.
1. Force Denial
Think about it, the 3 major ls decks right now are:
LS Combat (activates about 9-10 force on average)
WYS (activates about 12 force on average)
QMC (activates about 12 force on average)

When you kick them out of space, you are making them pay to drain.  Combine that w/ Bad Feeling and/or His Name Is Anakin, plus the fact i’m giving them 1-2 force MAX, that really puts this deck at an advantage.  Against Lightsaber combat, my activation is ridiculous and I can get set up fast.  With Bad Feeling and Battle Order, the LS is really limited on their options, while I can run rampant with mine.

2. Superb space power
With the tie cannons, the ls doesn’t stand a shot in space with the Imperial Commands.

3. Overload
Such an incredibly good card, if you can track well this will win you games.  


As far as matchups go...i’ve basically explained it but here’s a little more:

WYS:  Start His Name Is Anakin instead of Decree.  If you get Bad Feeling out fast you have the definate edge in this game.  The overloads are huge in this matchup against, as well as the Tie Cannons.  Get the system and you win the game.

QMC: Same as WYS except no His Name Is Anakin.  Ghhhk/Those Rebels is huge this game.

LS Combat: You screw them over on force, while they give you a good amount to get started with.  Set up the Kashyyyk drain, reduce their drain w/ 5D6 and smack them if you can.

Feel free to contact me with question/comments



Props to: Brad Reinhold and Alan Sagan (who came up with the Blizzard 1 and 5D6 against lightsaber combat idea) And anyone else who might have given Brad some of the ideas for this deck, bcuz he is the one that told me the idea.   