---
author: Michael "Cantonavader" crosby
title: Undefeated ISB based on worlds deck
side: Light
date: 2001-12-03
description: ISB engine using the worlds deck as a model. Massive fricken drains if left alone.
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

Undefeated ISB based on Worlds Deck


 Author
	Cantonavader
 Description
             This deck is based on the Winklehaus/Akesson deck that rocked at worlds. It needs ISB retrieval.
 Cards
             Objective (1) 
             ISB OPS 

             Locations (7) 
             Tatooine (old one) 
             Coruscant (2nd system instead of Carida for Lat Dam)
             Blockade flagship : Bridge 
             Executor : DB (a must for Piett and to launch your Walker assault on Tat.)
             Tatooine : DB 
             Mos Espa : DB 
             Spaceport DB 

             Characters (15) 
             Darth Vader with lightsaber 
             Darth Maul 
             Dr. Evazan and Ponda Baba 
             Boba Fett on Crack (along with Dr. E and Baba can hold audience chamber aginst Profit)
             Admiral Ozzel 
             Admiral Piett (grab your AO if needed, also fetches Commander Merrejk)
             Commander Merrejk (ISB) Pulls Tat system 
             Outer Rim Scouts x 6 (Hell, they can pilot chicken walkers too!!) (added bonus mauls ship/ZIMH)
             Baron Soontir Fel 
             Major Turr Phennir 

             Starships (4) 
             Saber 1 
             Saber 2 
             Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 
             Mauls Sith Infiltrator 

             Vehicles (6) 
             Blizzard 4 
             Tempest Scout 1 
             Tempest Scout 2  (instead of TS 3, holds more pilots and can react) 
             Tempest Scout 5 
             Tempest Scout 6 
             Blizzard Scout 1 

             Weapons (2) 
             SFS L-s 9.3 Laser Cannons x2 

             Interrupts (14) 
             Prepared Defenses 
             Trample x2 
             Short Range Fighters & Watch your back! 
             We must accelerate our plans x2 
             Ghhhk & Those rebels wont escape us 
             Dark Maneuvers x2 
             Abyssin Ornament x 2
             Imperial Command x 3

             Effects (8) 
             Fear is my Ally 
             Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans 
             Mobilization Points 
             Combat Response 
             Wipe them out, all of them 
             Tatooine Occupation x2 
             Lateral Damage 
             Den of Thieves 
( instead of all the spies on the ground) 
(Keder and Arica are Goo Nee Tay bait= Too expensive to deploy)

             Admirals Order (2) 
             Fighters Coming in x2 

             Shields(10) 
             Allegations of corruption 
             There is not Try 
             Oppresive Enforcement 
             A Useless Gesture 
             Battle Order 
             Do they have a code clearance? 
             Come here you big coward! 
             Fanfare 
             You cannot hide forever 
             Youve never won a race? 





Strategy: 

Dedk strategy update: 

Thanks for all the consrtuctive reviews so far!

Once again this is not your hardcore battle deck. Avoid battle whenever possible!!!! Let your ISB text and retreival take over. You must remember this or you will get your teeth kicked in by multiple BDestines or hyped up Jedi. Use your forces wisely. 

=UPDATE=
2063 Yavin 4 (This deck has been good to me.)

Hey this deck works if your game enough to play it. Tech update. Remember- Tat. Maul owns the new falcon. Ability 4 character or higher.

Once again, this deck does not have to worry about LS combat or TIGIH. Aginst TIGIH choke the hell out of them first turn by commanding for Ozzel and dropping him in a walker so he cant pick up luke. Reinforce and then launch your assualt from the endor DB to Tat. Thanks for playing. They will never out power you if you play right. When you do get Vader drop him and keep him alive and safe w/ Luke at the Executor DB or aboard a reinforced walker. Trample anyone who even thinks about launching a rescue attempt.


Against LS combat: if they are dumb anough to ignore your drains then you (I repeat you) will win the drain race. Period. If they try menace fades send Maul with ship and ZIMH with Ozzel and keep them from satisfying MF. Your damage will overtake them eventually. Remember you have retreival!! There will be slowed down by the grabber and/or Secret Plans. LS combat decks are so full of tricks you will get your a s s kicked if you try to go there with a cleanup squad. Noone in their right mind playing LS combat will allow you to get to them first. They wil play all kinds of nasty tricks. Beware:::: Barrier comes to mind. ANti-dueling tech will eat your a s s. Stay on Tat and win the fricken game instead of going away and doing something you will regret. Free your mind. Think outside the box. You dont always have to bring it to people to win. Some decks force them to come to you.... on your turf...... on conditions that you dictate to them. ”Free your mind and your a s s will follow.” a liitle quote from the motion picture Platoon at no extra charge.   :)

This deck is teched out money in the fricken bank. Build the damn thing if you dont think its the best dark deck going. Then tell me how its plays. You havent lived the ”Big Pimpin” life until youve dealt someone 12 damage at only three sites. The look on their eyes is what this game and this deck is all about. 

Once again, I ”Say again:  This deck does not need to win massive epic battles on the ground.” IF you dont see it then build it and give it a try. Your job is to take the beating or slow them down by reacting then move away to do damage with the TAT OCCUP. The reacts keep you from the one big massive beatdown. Trample Chewie or HAn or LAndo or LEia or track and trample Luke w LS. SLOW THEM DOWN. You dont have to beat them off the table. Your damage will win you the game combined with copious amounts of ORS retreival.

All you need to do is slow their drains down. 

The ORS are a must. I have 8 ISB agents. Ozzel cause he is the man in space or forfiet on the ground. Track him around after you retrieve him for your Abyssin Orn. and its money. The agents are all needed and carefully chosen. If you dont have the ORSS then switch them out. I have 20+ of them and couldnt fathom playing ISB any other way but that is just my own personal bias. They are just too good on ZIMS and Mauls ship. 

I can deal with the destiny drawing issues with all the walkers that can react. That would be TS 1 (free), TS 2 (1 force) ORS can react to it for 1 force if needed. TS 4, 5, 6 ( free react, deploy for 1),  and BS 1 all react. DR. E and Baba are there cause they add 3 to power of anything and draw destiny inside of a walker. They are not meant to hold the chamber more than one turn. Move them out and out them on walker and drain for three with an ORS at Jabbas Palace. The den is a must cause spies can get their teeth kicked in from Corran if thier cover is brken and you cant move them. Combo Ghhk must stay to cancel a react like Hel p me Obi-Wan. It is too good. Blizzard 4 is raw power that can hold a site on its own with an ORS aboard.  Abyssin ornament= Grab a scout and retreive 5 or 6 late game. That is the whole purpose of changing the deck. This deck is not meant to battle in the strictest sense. It is meant to avoid battle or react with superior forces. Vader cant do it on the ground. You dont need to duel it out with people. Avoid the battles that they bring. Move (OTE cant hurt you anymore) and let the ISB kick in and eat their small drains or use den until you get superior forces. Let your damage eat them away. Undercover will only cancel one ground drain. Den can cancel at least 6 drains anywhere that can be cancelled or modified.

However I would like to be able to add 4-lom. But the commands, combined with Maul combined with Fel says I will own space without the need of 4-lom. I choose to ignore the big Jedi cause they will lose to power. No tricks like trampling OBI are needed. Veers is nice he is in my other ISB deck. Right now in my meta, GOO NEE is big and I cant afford veers. I would rather abuse commands by forfieting Ozzel to every battle and then getting him on the next turn or until someone grabs the command.

HOW DO I GET TAT OUT? Command for piett- piett to get Merrejk- Merrejk ISB agent gets the system enuff said. This process is old school by now. I will get the system. Put Merrejk aboard walker or ship. He is forfiet fodder after he gets the system. 

The retreival is a must for the deck. Bastians won. This will win with a higher diff. If you deont beioeve me then build it and give it a try. You will get if played properly 6-10 retrieval per game. That = money$$$$$$ in the bank. I hope this helps.
 Strategy

 I know ISB. I have an old deck that is 40-1. Its got me where I am today with a 2057+ rating in Yavin 4. ISB rocks and will always rock. It should have won worlds again this year and would have, I beileve, if it had been in this form.

Use Martin and Bastian’s strategy. All I did was modify the deck with an ISB engine that can win and retreive. When I played with Bastians deck it won most of the time with 11-15 diff. This deck wins with a diff of about 15-22. Now you don’t have to worry about losing a pod race. It gives you a little extra cushion.

The drains with this deck are greater than Bastians if left un-molested. ISB as you know will add one to the drain provided by the AO. 4 damage per site!!!!!! They must come face you otherwise the drains are too much. 

Thats it. Original idea and props to Martin A. and Bastian Winklehaus for coming up with this in the first place. I could immediately see the power of this deck from the moment I laid eyes on it. I thought imagine adding the text of ISB ops and draining for three instead of two at the DB’s and throw in the damage from Tat Occup. A powerful deck that noone can ignore.

Michael B. Crosby
Bravo 50
2063 Yavin 4
Cantonavader



