---
author: Trae "Freak4Life" Cadenhead
title: Good Guys Know How To Fight Too!
side: Light
date: 1999-12-14
description: This is a deck that can stand up solid to pretty much anything.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations (9)
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4: Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

Characters (21)
Bron Burs
Chewie With Blaster Rifle  x2
H'nemthe  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Oola
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles
Yoda

Starships (7)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Redemption
Spiral
Tantive IV
Tydirium

Interrupts (13)
Alter
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Glancing Blow
Run Luke, Run!
Shocking Information
The Signal  x4
Transmission Terminated  x2

Effects (9)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Mantellian Savrip
Scrambled Transmission
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice  

Strategy: 

Use the objective to get out Yoda at his hut on the first turn. The advantage of this is that you can save your characters from attrition, but the SAC shutdown that the objective provides can be nice too. Your starting effect should either be Wise Advice or Battle Plan. I would suggest using Wise Advice to start unless you're going against ops, ISB, or a space deck. The beauty of this deck is the way that it can battle and battle and keep on going. Bacta Tank and Mantellian Savrip combined combined with Yoda at his house give you the ultimate battle combo to protect your guys meanwhile killing off the opponent. There is a good selection of starships here as well and you can load them up with pilots and go after the opponent in space if that's where he wants to play things out. All of the locations aside from Dagobah are here for force generation (the more force, the better). Jeroen Webb and Momaw Nadon can help to cancel Visage if the opponent is playing a Hunt Down deck. Webb is nice as a pilot as well and Momaw can be really cool against Bubo. Transmission Terminated is here for the same purpose as well. I hate Visage and I like to shut it down ASAP. Dueling protection is here with Courage Of A Skywalker and Glancing Blow. Run Luke Run can also be very helpful to cancel that dreaded duel altogether (not to mention that the 6 destiny is handy). If Scanning Crew is bothering you, get out Scrambled Transmission and shock the opponent whenever he tries to take a peek at your hand. The grabbers will be nice to slow down whatever kind of interrupts the opponent is using. This deck includes counters to every kind of dark side deck I can think of and has plenty of power to keep on going and going and going (kind of like the energizer bunny). It's an unrelenting light side force that will be very hard to stop. 