---
layout: archive
author: ! Colin "Lord Nudsge" Burton
title: ! "Bunker Down and Manipulate the Rebels v2 67845"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-10-02
description: ! "Play the objective with basic manipulation."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Characters (12)
Darth Vader
DV,DLoTS
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Piett
Major Marquand
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Renz
Lieutenant Watts
Naby Trooper Vesden
J'Quille
Dengar

Sites (8)
Endor Bunker (SL)
Endor Landing Platform (SL)
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Dense Forest
Endor
Kessel
Kashyyyk

Vehicles (8)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scout (x2)

Starships (11)
Executor
Devastator
Conquest
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Vengeance
Avenger
Imperial Class Star Destroyer
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Black Squadron Tie (x2)

Interrupts (13)
Limited Resources (x2)
Monnok (x3)
Twi'lek Advisor (x1) (SI)
Scanning Crew (x3)
Fear (x2)
Evader (x2)

Effects (3)
Perimiter Patrol
Expand The Empire
Presence Of The Force
Security Precautions
Establish Secrect Base
Ominous Rumors
Imperial Decree'

Strategy: '

Start the Objective giving you the Bunker, Landing Platform, Endorm and use Twi'Lek Advisor to start with Perimeter Patrol (or security Precautions when playing HB). Drop a few guys on the Bunker as soon as possible. Use the Objective to get Ominous Rumors out on your first turn, to ensure it will be there. Once the game gets going, use the interrupts accordingly to mess with your opponent. Try to get out the other Endor site and Expand the Empire one of the Drain +1 sites, which you should try to orient in the middle of it all. Deploy characters to the sites, spread out, but not thin. Get your space out and then deploy Establish Secret Base. Put the on PotF on a site that may not have as big a FD as the others, and drain away. Try to stick on Endor, going to other planets has side effects that can spread your Forces to thin and leave you open for attack.'