---
layout: archive
author: ! Bastian "Death Star" Winkelhaus
title: ! "Asteroid Sanctuarys you wont Alter"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-08-12
description: ! "MWYHL without any tests, asteroids, numbers,undercover spies. Not suited for the battle-orientated"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(11)
Dagobah
Big One x4
Asteroid Field x6

Characters(8)
R2-D2
Artoo
Momaw Nadon
Bothan Spy x2
Arcona x3

Starships(6)
X-wing x6

Interrupts(15)
The Signal x2  (1xSI)
A few maneuvers x2
Were doomed x2
Transmission terminated x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Houjix x2
Effective repairs
Yoda stew
Clash of sabers

Effects(18)
Asteroid Sanctuary x4
Undercover x4
Never tell me the odds x3
Rebel Fleet
For Luck   (SE)
Docking and Repair Facilities
Traffic Control
A Gift
Order to engage
Do or do not

Device(1)
Landing Claw

Objective
Mind what you have learned/Save you it can'

Strategy: '

Going to the last tournament I decided not to play any mains on light side. I expected a
lot of Hunt down/duel decks and a whole lot of battle stuff. I dont say light side cant
win against those decks but I prefered to make them have a lot of useless cards and not
risk to go down in battles.
Normal starting effect is For Luck to completely prevent Sense and Alter from
canceling anything. If youre sure there is no SAC, start Rebel Fleet. Docking and
repair facilities allows you to cancel a drain with rebel fleet every turn with only two
x-wings. If your wing at the Big one exploded (or did he implode???) get him into hand
and drop the other one from the Rebel Fleet to the Big one. At the time your opponent
is smart enough to track a destiny that wont harm your fighter, it might allready be to
late. Order to engage and numbers are in there as alternative methods of causing
damage should the opponent use Come here you big coward, Bright center or get an
ORS to Dagobah system.
If there are any cards in the deck that you dont like you might consider these cards that
I just didnt find the space for as replacement 

- Bacta Tank  Bubo, Trample, Sniper, Arnet, Those rebels wont escape, most decks
have some way to kill your characters, with Bacta tank theyre back next turn.
- Battle Plan  Normally you drain exactly once every turn so this card is not harming
you that much. But it could slow down an Operative deck.
- Planet farthest  Its not the first test and its hard to protect, but with Were doomed
it cancels nearly all drains, no matter how many locations he got.
'