---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Forever will you dominate your destiny    "
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-05
description: ! "This deck is a dueling HDADTJ that recycles High destiny and makes a destiny drawing character a big nuisance."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start  ( 6 )

HDADTJ
E Medication Chamber
E Holotheatre
Visage
Twi'lek
Epic Duel

Additional Locations  ( 8 )
Imperial Holotable
CC Exterior Walkway
CC DTP
CC PTD
T Cantina
T JP
JP AChamber
E Back Door

Characters  ( 13 )
Choke Vader x2
EPP Vader x3
Darth Vader
GMT x2
Z-Man
Snuggles ( Brangus )
Bane
Jabba the Hutt ( Big Daddy )
Djas Puhr

Creature  ( 1 )
Bubo

Blue  ( 6 )
Swoop x2
Dread x4

Effects  ( 8 )
Security Precautions
The Dark Path
Search and Destroy
Visage ( extra )
Terminal
Battle Order
First Strike
Secret Plans

Interrupts  ( 18 )
The Circle x2
Obsession x2
Torture x2
Focused Attack x2
Masterful Move x2
Ghhhk
Monnok
Elis x2
Shocking Revelation x2
Evader x2'

Strategy: '

Basic  Get out characters , use The Dark Path to
topdeck a great destiny and watch mains go down in
the flames. Duel the big'uns into the ground / Recycle Shocking Revelations , MMoves . Doubles
of Shocking Rev is for Oola , looking at deck , and destiny recycling ; Evader is basically for the early Revolutions as in the late game they don't hurt as much ( for some reason these locations come out quickly ).

Specs 

v. MWYHL - Start The Dark Path. Get Vader to battleground and keep Visage damage on them. Duel
when they drop mains.

v. Ops - Start Battle Order. Get Vader to battleground for Visage. Use Visage Damage to keep some pressure. Don't drain unless you have the swoop there. Get Vader and Tarkin on a swoop and harrass Op after Op. Get First Strike out and send the destiny drawers on suicide runs. Bubo is good too.

v. Mains / Brentson Beats - Start the Dark Path . Don't spread out too far... duel when mains come. Gotta be patient.

v. HB - Start Security Precautions. If they don't flip then they'll lose. Kick out Vader and get Visage rolling. Use Search and Destroy to inflict more damage and attempt to draw them out -- then send Vader and Tarkin over to apply beatdown.

v. anything else -- I think that is about it. Just don't be gunshy about dueling -- especially early because Dark Path will help you out , sure you lose 2 Force but you know your top destiny and you can do it right after they've deployed a main , besides they'll be losing at least twice as much as you just lost when they lose the duel.

Mike Fitzgerald / D'akturak'