---
layout: archive
author: ! Peter "jeeps" Jacobson
title: ! "We DO need their scum    v 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-24
description: ! "This is a slightly modified version of a previous deck based around bounty hunting and ISB ops."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective ISB Operations/Empire's Sinster Agents

Locations (8)
Coruscant (SL)
Tatooine
Nal Hutta
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (SL)
JP Audience Chamber
JP Dungeon
Tatooine Docking Bay (SL)
 Docking Bay

Characters (18)
Outer Rim Scout x 8
Chall Beckan
Dr. Evazan
Feltipern Trevagg
Darth Vader, DLOTS
Darth Vader w/ Light Saber
Grand Moff Tarkin
Boba Fett (EPP)
Boba Fett (CC)
Jabba the Hutt
Zuckuss

Ships (5)
Bossk in Bus
Slave 1
Mist Hunter
Jabba' Space Cruiser
Punishing One
IG-2000

Weapons (3)
Dengar's Modified Riot Gun
Feltipern Trevagg's Stun Rifle

Devices (1)
Mandalorian Armor

Interupts (15)
Always Thinking with Your Stomach X 2
Hidden Weapons x 3
Twi'lek Advisor x 2
Res Luk Ra'auf x 2
We Have a prisoner
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Jabba's Through With You
Sense
Alter

Effects (8)
Bounty x 2
Reactor Terminal
All Wrapped Up
Undercover x 2
Laterak Damage
Imperial Arrest Order (SI)'

Strategy: '

This is an 'improvement' on an earlier, less sucessful deck that I sumbitted a few weeks back.	This time I focused around the decent collection of Outer Rim Scouts I have (8) and ISB ops.  Anyway, I played this deck last weekend and it went 3-0.
Here's the strategy  I start with Corusant and ISB ops and use the Signal and deploy Imperial Arrest Order (to get out one of my two docking bays; I also use this opportunity to see what I might have in my force pile if I have to draw up anything).  I then deploy Tatooine Docking Bay and try to set up camp with the prison.	With the 9 or so ISB agents in this deck I usually can flip the objective in a few turns.  This deck can hold off some moderate space decks and it's ground doesn't do too shabby againts opponent's mains.	Hidden Weapons, Boba Fett, and Mandolorian Armor are good combos to capture powerful characters.  Also if my oppoent tries to force drain, Always Thinking With Your Stomach can make them missing too.  We Have a Prisoner can be used in space to capture those 'forfeit fodder' characters.  As long as you have a bounty hunter aboard, you can capture.	Once you take out a few of their mains, youre opponet get desparate and tries to break them out.  That's when Vader and Tarking can come in and use force.  Currently, I am planning on changing a few cards.	If you count carefully, this deck is only 58 cards.  I plan on adding another Mandalorian Armo if needed and anything else (probably an interupt) I might need.  Please review  Thanks for your time. '