---
author: Chris "CJ" Young
title: Taking Control Of The Renegade Planet
side: Dark
date: 1999-11-07
description: Just deploy and drain, mate !!!
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING(5)
Imperial Occupation
Corulag
Forest
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

LOCATIONS(7)
Swamp
Spaceport PO
Spaceport Street
Spaceport DB
Jungle
Coruscant
Death Star

CHARACTERS(20)
Corulag Ops x9
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Lt. Cabbel
Major Marquand
Lt. Watts
Wuher
Darth Vader, DLOTS
EPP Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin

VEHICLES(6)
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzrd Scout 1

STARSHIPS(4)
Devastator
Bossk in Bus
Dreadnaught x2

INTERRUPTS(10)
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Ghhhk x2
Main Course x2
Imperial Barrier
Point Man

EFFECTS(7)
Resistence
TBHTP
Den Of Thieves
Ability, Ability, Ability
ABCTTU
Battle Order
Secret Plans

CREATURES(1)
Bubo



Strategy: 

Flip the objective as quickly as possible !!!
Here is a rundown of the cards in the deck.

LOCATIONS
The generic sites are obvious. Coruscant is in
there as a target for a ABCTTU, as is Death Star.
Cosuscant is also in there to turn the drain at LS
Coruscant to ZERO !!!

CHARACTERS
Operatives are there obviously to flip the Objective
and added drains. There is a range of pilots to
protect the Renegade planet. Vader/Tarkin will help
you in fighting back. Wuher will take care of A Gift.

VEHICLES
At-STs and Blizzard 2 will help you protect the
Renegade planet.

STARSHIPS
Just in there to satisfy Battle Plan and to probe.
There may also be a possibilty to beatdown with
these if they spread out too much.

INTERRUPTS
Abyssin Ornament will get you the Ops and will
retreive force in the mid to late game. Twi'leks
get the necessary effects to counter your opponent.
ie You need ABCTTU against Ops. Ghhhk will prevent
beatdown and Main Course cancels Frozen Assets.
But don't underestimate the Lost bit. Imperial
Barrier is a good card and Point Man cancels
Order to Engage.

EFFECTS
Ressistance is for numbers. TBHTP can grab the all
important interrupts, such as It Could Be Worse.
Den Of Theives cancels drains. Abilityx3 will
hurt your opponent if they don't use many
chaaracters or starships. ABCTTU will shut down Ops.
Battle Order is a solid all round card and Secret
Plans limits force retreival. Imperial Arrest Order
prevents the stupid teleportation tactics and
adds forfeit to the ability 2 Imps.

CREATURES
Bubo is just too good to miss.

I have had this deck for a long time (since the
release of Endor). In three tournaments, I won
two of those  with this deck and lost by 1 in the
final in another. So It is a proven deck and I
know it is strong. Any feedback is appreciated.

CHEERS !!!

