---
author: Josh "DSJunkie" Brown
title: SFS Force Drain Engine v2.0
side: Dark
date: 1999-12-31
description: I utilize the force drain power of asteroid sectors with TIEs that I can immediatly put back into life force with SFS and cards to counter most everything.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (3)
Death Star
Twi'lek Advisor --> Well Guarded

Characters (4)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)

Starships (16)
Dreadnaught x2
Executor
Stalker
Avenger
TIE Scout  x11

Sites (14)
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Wakeelmui  x3
Dagobah: Cave
Big One x2
Asteroid Field x6

Interrupts (13)
Ghhhk x2
Control x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3
All Power To Weapons  x4
Short Range Fighters x2

Effects (11)
Reactor Terminal
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force
Rouge Asteroid x2
A Bright Center To The Universe
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Oppressive Enforcement
Return To Base
Sienar Fleet Systems
Security Precautions 

Strategy: 

It's pretty simple...the effects are to counter well most of what they can throw at me...once SFS is out I deploy a Big One and the 3 Field to a system (probably Wakeelmui) and deploy a Scout to the Big One, force drain, lose it to asteroid destiny, and retrieve it either by deploying another TIE or placing it in Return To Base.  I also have the few big Capitols to take control of key systems, such as Bespin to shut down the ever so growing popular Quiet Mining Colony decks.  I have the Vaders to hit them when they try to spread out forces to FD...smack someone there with his stick and lose him to attrition and chances are he'll also cover battle damage then I'll retrieve him in the next few turns by deploying a TIE and repeat the process all over again.  U-3PO to block a really big drain that they have.  A few Ghhhks just in case.  A few Rouge Asteroids to make it all that much harder to come and battle me at Big One.  And last a Short Range Fighters just in case I happen to lose a bunch...more than I can retrieve in any reasonable amount of time.  If you have any advice to make this deck beter or any constructive criticism then I would be very happy if you would please post it for me.  Thanks! 