---
author: Colin "Lord Nudsge" Burton
title: Dangerous Times
side: Dark
date: 1999-10-04
description: Drain the opponent in space, while using a very basic manipulation technique.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Dangerous Times

Objective
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Characters (9)
Darth Vader
DV,DLoTS
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Piett
Lieutenant Renz
Navy Trooper Vesden
J'Quille
M'iiyoom Onith

Sites (14)
Endor: Bunker (SL)
Endor: Landing Platform (SL)
Kiffex
Corulag
Tatooine
Kuat
Hoth
Bespin
Dantooine
Fondor
Yavin 4
Endor
Kessel
Kashyyyk

Vehicles (4)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout (x2)

Starships (17)
Executor
Devastator
Conquest
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Vengeance
Avenger
Imperial Class Star Destroyer (x2)
Dreadnaught (x2)
Obsidian Tie (x3)
Black Squadron Tie (x3)

Interrupts (9)
Limited Resources (x2)
Monnok (x2)
Twi'lek Advisor (x1) (SI)
Scanning Crew (x2)
Evader (x2)

Effects (6)
Perimiter Patrol
Expand The Empire
Presence Of The Force
Security Precautions
Ominous Rumors
Imperial Decree

Strategy: 

Start with the objective, and pull Onimous Rumors into your hand first turn, and deploy it. Deploy any systems you may have in your hand, and start generating lots of Force. By your 2nd-4th turn you should be able to deploy a few starships. Take over the Landing Platform with the 'Ground Crew' in the deck, but don't try to take it anywhere else, unless your absolutely sure you can handle it and live. Im[erial Decree can take care of the Drain Bonus decks and Revolutions, although you have your back up Evaders in case of failure with Imp. Decree. If you play HB, start with Security Precautions, and continue as normal, because you should be able to start draining big before the obj. flips. You have Vesden as Numbers protection, so get him to the bunker. Be careful of spies going to the bunker. There are a few manipulation cards included to create a side annoyance for you opponent, which I found can be very distractive to them. You'll always have at least +2 drain at each system, and most of the time +4, and thats going to hurt.