---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Firestarter ( Iceman s Regional deck )"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-23
description: ! "This deck uses Mains and Oola to put thehurt on the opponent. Went 3-0 at Dagobah Regionals with a +62 diff."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start  ( 4 )
Throne Room
Careful Planning
Farm
Swamp

Additonal Locations  ( 4 )
Rendezvous Point
Obi's Hut
Chirpa's Hut
Yoda's Hut

Creatures  ( 2 )
Nudj x2

Characters  ( 13 )
Obi-Wan Kenobi x3
EPP Luke x3
EPP Han
Captain Han
Oola x2
Wedge
Tawss Khaa
Harc Seff

Weapons  ( 1 )
Obi's Saber

Starships  ( 2 )
Millenium Falcon x2

Effects  ( 8 )
Civil Disorder
Mantellian Savrip
Traffic Control
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets x2
Order to Engage

Interrupts  ( 26 )
Grimtaash x2
Sense x6
Alter x4
Transmission Terminated x3
Shocking Information x3
Courage of a Skywalker x2
Glancing Blow
Nabrun Leids
Gift of the Mentor
The Signal
Smoke Screen
Tunnel Vision  '

Strategy: '

Why there is no EPP Leia ? -- Because I don't like
her getting shafted by HDADTJ , she's the 61st
card in the deck but I only have 60 slots. I'd
probably add her instead of Tunnel Vision or an
Alter now though.


Okay the only two card I changed when submitting
this is the last two interrupts  I put Smoke
Screen and Tunnel Vision and since back then Drazin was still alive I probably had 2 Noble Sacrifices. At Regionals this deck did spectacular and beat ISB ( +18 ) , HDADTJ w/dueling ( +18 )  , and a Big Blue ( +26 ).

Basic  There is no basic , you play depending
on what the opponent does. Usually the only
thing you always do is drop the Nudjs ASAP.

HDADTJ  I have 3 TTerminateds to blow up Visage or the Holotable. Dueling protection is en force and Oola is nasty after you've cleared Vader. The +4 to SAC really doesn't matter as you can recycle the Alters for good destiny or track destinies.

ISB  This is the game you have to pay attention. Normally I can drop Oola at the Swamp alone but since they are spies she usually is on the hip of Obi. Signal to get Order to Engage and Battle Plan up quickly. ISB really can't hang with this deck. Imperial Arrest Order really doesn't hurt because you go wherever they are and Order them to Engage to death.

Big Blue/Endor Ops  Oola. It is all about Oola and Grimtaash which put on the choke. Clear their only significant force and then Oola them to death. Everyone plays Secret Plans but no one will use Shocking Revelation until they get spurned by Oola.

Ralltiir Ops  Go to them. Oola them to death. DTF and smackdown early. Tawss is particularly nasty as she can deploy for 3 to Ralltiir and Alter Bad Feeling Have I.

Manip  3 Shocking Infos and Order to Engage or Draw Their Fire usually kills them. Oola works them over better then their Manip does you.

Anything else  You have to think to play this deck correctly. The small amount of characters and locations is helped by Savrip. I dunno maybe I'm the luckiest player in the World but I can run my deck off of 7 total locations with no problems. I think that's about it.

Mike Fitzgerald / D'akturak

'