---
layout: archive
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! "Dust-Busters"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-19
description: ! "This uses High-Destiny and early activation to keep the pressure on the opponent all game."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(8)
Jabba's Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters(15)
B'omarr Monk  x2
Bothan Spy  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Ishi Tib
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Ben Kenobi
Orrimaarko
R-3PO (Ar-Threepio)
Wedge Antilles

Vehicles/Starships(7)
Air-2 Racing Swoop  x2
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Tantive IV

Interrupts(22)
Careful Planning
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Don't Forget The Droids
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
I Know
Nabrun Leids  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Out Of Commission  x3
Quite A Mercenary
Surprise Assault  x2
Swing-And-A-Miss  x2
The Force Is Strong With This One
The Signal
Tunnel Vision  x2

Effects(7)
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Mantellian Savrip
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?

Weapons(1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

NOTE I built this on Deckmaker based on what cards were available to me for a tournament this
Sunday. The Two Swing and a Misses should actually be a Glancing Blow and a Courage.

Obviously nothing new with the Hut/Tosche Combo (JP should that be what they start)...this deck is..balanced well. Although somewhat similar to other M&T decks...I tried to balance this out as much as possible. The Swoops are for Ops...these are just devastating when they cant run away. Im trying to fit Order to Engage in as well to make it even more hampering. The high destiny and pair of Surprise Assaults are gold against ISB Ops and Ops decks. The OOCs work great against Hunt Down as well as other retrieval decks. The Spies with the Wind Chime is nearly a staple in light decks these days...Use to chimes to pull a Spy if needed or Ishi Tib for setting up destiny. I need to fit an Oola in for Big Blue, but loaded falcon with Destiny Adders could prove nasty for 1 or two strikes. So...cards to fit in Order to Engage and Oola. Let me know what to take out.'