---
layout: archive
author: ! Peter "martian" Hall
title: ! "Capturing Made Easy"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-03
description: ! "Bounty Hunting on Tatooine.  Featuring all of your favorite bounty hunting tools, plus a few surprises."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (start)
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Tusken Canyon

Carachters (16)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett  x2
Boelo
Danz Borin
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
J'Quille
Jabba the Hutt
Jabba
Lyn Me
Myo
Ree-Yees
Tonnika Sisters
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)
Zuckuss

Ships/Vehicles (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Mobquet A-1 Deluxe Floater  x2 (tech)

Device (1)
Binders

Effects (13)
All Wrapped Up	x2
Bounty	x2
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Scum And Villainy  x2
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2
Undercover  x2


Interrupts (17)
Any Methods Necessary (start)
Ghhhk
He Hasn't Come Back Yet  x2
Hidden Weapons	x2
Hunting Party  x2
Imperial Barrier
Sniper	x2
Torture  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
Wounded Wookie






'

Strategy: '

I made this deck for a change of pace from the Big Blue type DS decks that I had been playing.  Basically the idea is to capture the opponent's mains.  It starts with Tat JP, and Any Methods Necessary.  Use AMN to get Fett, gun, ship, Dungeon.

vs. MWYHL/Mains/etc. -	Try to get S&V rolling w/ Jabba & suport at the AC.  If they come to Tatooine, great.  If not, send out hit squads.  Capturing is surprisingly easy due to the deck's high destiny (15 4's, 9 5+'s).  Capturing really takes the wind out of the EPPs' collective sail.  They have no immunity, and if you capture one during the battle, it takes away their extra battle destiny.  It's really fun.

vs. HB - Harass them with ships, and retrieve w/ S&V/First Strike.	Try to block the big drains and outdrain them.	Duh.

vs. Ops - You can't outdrain them, so you have to keep battling them.	Even if you don't win the battles, at least you'll be retrieving.  S&V/First Strike are essential.  Undercover Spies can help, too.

vs. Anything else (what else is there?) - Battle, Retrieve, Capture.

This deck isn't going to win Tournaments or anything, but its a lot of fun (I have tried it on CardTable.)
'