---
author: Johan "Johan" van der Meer
title: White Weeners, Liberating Ralltiir...
side: Light
date: 1999-12-18
description: Set up fast with cheap characters and keep your forces safe with a reacting shuttle + InCom Engineer + Covert landing being the main defense mechanism
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Starting (5)
Local Uprising/Liberation
Ralltiir
Farm
The Signal
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Characters (23)
Arleil Schous
Bothan Spy
H'nemthe  x2
Harc Seff
InCom Engineer	x2
Momaw Nadon
Ralltiir Freighter Captain  x3
Ralltiir Operative  x8
Sic-Six  x2
Wedge Antilles
Yoxgit

Vehicles (5)
Incom T-16 Skyhopper  x5

Starships (2)
YT-1300 Transport
Shuttle Tyderium

Locations (6)
Desert
Forest
Jungle
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Street
Swamp

Devices (2)
Landing Claw  x2

Interrupts (11)
Ambush
Covert Landing	x2
Houjix
It's A Trap!
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x2
Rebel Barrier
The Signal
Transmission Terminated  x2

Effects (6)
Bargaining Table
Civil Disorder
Never Tell Me The Odds	x2
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2



Strategy: 

The reason why I chose Ralltiir and not Bothiawui is because a well constructed Ralltiir Operations would make short work of Bothiawui Liberation (flipped obj + Imperial Decree)... Skyhoppers aren't in for high power (with Maneuver Flaps...) but instead for reacting and an extra battle destiny: with an Operative, a Skyhopper and an Engineer on your planet, and a Covert Landing you draw 3 battle destinies with a bonus of +2... that usually works pretty well in removing stuff.


Hunt Down & Destroy

Instead of the Farm, start the Jungle as your starting <> site.  Vader will likely come down 1st or 2nd turn to do the flip, and you don't want him on your Farm for a drain of 2 per turn. The jungle is much more appropriate for a drain of 0. After Vader is down, set up for the flip and use your Trans Term to cancel Visage. Landing Claw for Battle Order. Sic-Six for anti-Elis, H'nemte to make Imps more expensive. NTMTO for cheesy insert damage.


Operatives

Umm, try set up faster than him... If you can get Harc Seff on his planet you've got the advantage. This deck should be able to set up faster than any dark side Ops deck... Otherwise try to fight on his planet with shuttle + Covert Landing.


ISB

Well ISB isn't played here much, but I included Shuttle Tyderium (spy ship that works with Landing Claw) for A Bright Center. For stuff like 5D6 there's an Ambush... Shuttle Tyderium with a RFC and a Covert Landing is 2 battle destinies...


That's about it... I left out Ralltiir, because if you play your cards right you should win that matchup... Enjoy!
