---
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: Hunt Down And Crush The Rebellion
side: Dark
date: 1999-11-07
description:   This deck uses the Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi with a few premium cards from Enhanced Cloud City to counter a variety of threats.  Very focused and mean.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1):
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Epic Event (1):
Epic Duel

Locations (7):
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Holotheatre
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Back Door
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Cloud City: Port Town District

Characters (15):
Darth Vader x 2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x 2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Zuckuss
Bane Malar
Djas Puhr
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
J'Quille
Lt. Commander Ardan

Creature (1):
Bubo

Weapon (2):
Vader's Lightsaber x 2

Starships/Vehicles (4):
Devastator
Avenger
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Vengeance

Interrupts (20):
Masterful Move x 2
Ghhhk
The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader's Obsession
Monnok
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us x 2
I Have You Now x 2
Dark Strike
Sniper
Elis Helrot x 2
Alter x 2
Twi'lek Advisor x 3
Evader

Effects (9):
Bad Feeling Have I
Reactor Terminal
Crush The Rebellion
Come With Me
Lateral Damage
Blast Door Controls
Resistance
Visage Of The Emperor x 2

Strategy: 

  With five Vaders, this deck should get the Dark Lord on the table early, and keep him there.  Or at least take a heavy toll on the Light Side's best characters on his way out.  Crush The Rebellion and a couple copies of I Have You Now will make even the toughest Light Side characters tremble at the sound of Vader's rasping breath.
  IG-88 With Riot Gun and the other bounty hunters put even more firepower in your hands, while the four tough spaceships and a well-timed Lateral Damage can keep Light Side space in line.
  A couple nasty surprises are in store for Light Side players relying on Lando In Millennium Falcon or Rebel Barrier.	Play a Twi'lek Advisor to go grab Come With Me and remove Lando from the controls of the 'fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.'  And Blast Door Controls will be a rude awakening for anyone depending on that Rebel Barrier to avoid a beatdown.  Deploy this effect on your side of the table, and the dreaded LS battle-avoiding interrupt is useless.
