---
layout: archive
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "Matt s Regional-winning LS"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-10-12
description: ! "Highly defensive, this deck is designed to take on anything thrown at it, while using retrieval to boost the diff."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(9)
Yavin Throne Room (SL)
Swamp
Farm
Tatooine
Tat Obi's Hut
Tat Mos Eisley
Tat Cantina
Tat Jabba's Palace
JP Audience Chamber

Characters(17)
4x Ben
3x Luke with Saber
2x Captain Han
2x Leia with Blaster
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Boshek
Orrimaarko
2x B'omarr Monk

Starships(4)
2x Falcons
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts(23)
2x Lost in the Wilderness
2x Grimtaash
3x Smokescreen
2x Solo Han
2x Nabrun Leids
Careful Planning
6x Sense
3x Alter
2x The Signal

Creatures(2)
2x Nudj

Effects(4)
Mant. Savrip
Tatooine Celebration
What're You Trying To Push On Us?
Ultimatum

Droids(1)
R-3PO


'

Strategy: '

Obviously, use the throne room force jump to get
an edge on your opponent for SAC, etc. Get Ben and
Luke down together for the main force of your deck, and go where your opponent is. (Nabrun..)
Use the other characters to occupy Tatooine for
Celebration or if your opponent has spread out(i.e. ISB)use them to knock out the little guys.
Falcon w C. Han and Leia is power 7 w/ THREE destiny draws. You can't beat it. That'll take out the Executor Use that combo to defend your Celebration. R-3PO is annoying enough to make them lose their Undercover spies, you can always Nabrun him around too. Use monks for big drains on Tatooine if your opponent ignores the dustball
planet, and even he threw Vader at a Monk, Solo Han should take care of him. If you want him gone for sure, use a Smokescreen with Solo Han. That one destiny you draw has pretty good odds of being a 1 or higher.... Savrip will protect you if you are spread thin, you have plenty of bait. (4x Bens...)
One Tatooine is kind of a weakness but retrieval is mainly a bonus.
The lack of any real ops protection? That's a local meta. Operatives just aren't popular and my area. I never saw a single ops deck all day, and I don't think anybody even played one, although there might have been one or two.'