---
author: Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: Final-Hope You Learned Something...
side: Light
date: 1999-09-26
description: Set up Jedi Testing and force the
opponent to submit to your will under
your advantages.

rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

 Objective : ( 1 )
Mind What You Have Learned

Locations : ( 9 )
Dagobah ( SL )
D: Yoda's hut
D: Training Area
D: Swamp
D: Jungle
D: Bog Clearin
CC: Carbonite Chamber
CC: Lower Corridor
Tatooine : Cantina

Characters : ( 15 )

Daughter of Skywalker
EPP Han x2
EPP Luke x3
EPP Obi x2
Harc Seff
Yoda
Tawss Khaa
Corporal Beezer
Bothan Spy x2
Wedge Antilles

Jedi Tests : ( 2 )

Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strength

St'ships : ( 2 )

Tantive 4
Spiral

Effects : ( 13 )

Wise Advice ( SE )
Battle Plan
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
WYTTPOUS ? x3
Insurrection
Order To Engage x2
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay

Interrupts : ( 18 )

Courage of a Skywalker x2
Glancing Blow x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
It Could Be Worse x2
The Signal x3
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Sorry About The Mess x2
Clash of Sabers x2
Noble Sacrifice x2


Strategy: 

First the New stuff :

Order to Engage x2 - Helps versus Ops , Ops , and
Ops. This can also be a pain to the opponent when
they spread out to drain.

Harc Seff - more Ops protection , good destiny ,
also is a pilot which is sweet.

Noble Sacrifice - Drazin Protection , also gives
the deck good Regeneration.

How to play :
Don't commit your forces until you've decided
how you plan to win the game ( Remember you don't
have to deploy your sites ).

Main keys versus :

ISB- Battle Plan , Order to Engage , and Harc Seff
will do some major damage to the Ops player and
I expect kill them. It Could Be Worse is nice and
you'll usually have enough force to use DBTransit
if need be. Sorry About The Mess or Clash if you
wanna crush a lone Op.

Drazin- Noble Sacrifice and battling. Will be a
good game.Don't forget the Jedi Test stuff and
Order to Engage so you'll get a chance to kill
Drazin before he can do a Special Delivery.

Big Blue- Harc Seff , interior drains , and try
to get them to spread out then Order to Engage
them to death.

HDADTJ- Bothan Spies to cancel Visage. Insurrection
will stop the insane Elising HDADTJ decks. Duel
protection is en force.

Space- load the EPPs on one of a ship and keep
rolling around. Drain with Obi and Tawss on Cloud
City. Order to Engage with the EPPs. Bacta tank-ing
Wedge will be their doom.

Notes : This deck is really good and I saw a lot
of Testing to 2 versions of decks at my regional.
TIEs make a close game but pulling off Battle Plan
and Noble SAC will win it.

Mike Fitzgerald 