---
layout: archive
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! "The luck advantage"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-10-05
description: ! "Unlike the current trend, this Jedi Test deck graduates all the way to test 5 intead of just dropping out after test 2.  The Jedi Tests help the overall theme of high destiny and preventing the opponent from killing your characters with attrition."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Mind What You Have Learned/ Save You It Can

Locations (6)
Dagobah (start)
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Yoda's hut
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Coruscant

Characters (16)
Yoda
Daughter of Skywalker
Obi-Wan w/Lightsaber x2
Luke w/Lightsaber x2
Han w/Heavy Blaster x2
Chewbacca x2
Orrinmaarko
Tawss Khaa
Figurin D'an
ASP-707 x2
Harc Seff

Starships (4)
Milenium Falcon
RL in R1
GL in G1
Spiral

Devices (2)
Luke's Backpack x2

Jedi Tests (5)
Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strength
Domain of Evil
Size Matters Not
It Is the Future You See

Interupts (17)
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Shocking Information x2
Don't Forget the Droids x3
Clash of Sabers x3
On the Edge x4
Life Debt

Effects (7)
Battle Plan
Scrambled Transmission
Traffic Control
Encampment
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Scramble'

Strategy: '

Jedi Testing is good for three basic reasons. 1)Activation and deck acceleration.  Yoda and DOS each add an icon while the Dagobah sites can be pulled from your reserve deck.  2)lack of draw dependency.	Everything you need to test can be pulled from your reserve deck.  just add the 14 testing cards and high destiny and you're all set.	3)It works against a variety of strategies.  Test 1 hoses ISB and Operatives.  Test 2 stops Raltiir Ops (can't add to no battle destiny draw) and ops.  Test 3 takes away Hunt Downs primary strength.  Test 4 allows you to get whatever you need while no deck can handle the repeated 6 destiny draws of Test 5.  The rest of this deck can counter anything given the right cards.

MWYHL, 6 Dagobah locations, Yoda, DOS and the Jedi Tests (14)- the basis of the deck.  jedi Testing is rather versatile and fits with the rest of the deck.  Teh deck never stalls because of this.

Lower corridor and Coruscant (2)- I don't need the extra activation and I certainly don't need to draw 0's.	But Come Here you Big coward can really hurt this deck, especially when flipping.

Obi, Luke, Clash of Sabers, and Scramble (8).  The dark side will have to fight to get the 6 ability required of test 2.  Then you don't have to worry about attirtion ruining your day.  Tears up ground forces.  Clash of Sabers also cancels presence of the force, the only drain adder not canceled by Great Warrior

Han, Chewie, the Falcon, and Life Debt (6)- The main force in the air.	Test 3 and Yoda's Hut makes it virtually impossible to take it down wiht attrition.  pick your fights against the Imperial navy, the Falcon doesn't have alot of power, but your 2 destiny draws are usually sufficent to take down 2 ISD's.  Han can also team up with Luke in the air or ground if need be.

Tawss khaa, Orrinmaarko, and the other 3 ships (5) the lesser mains of this deck.  Only the Spiral(prevents space beatdown) can't draw destiny on it's own.  Good for controlling the two battle grounds.  Besides, the mains can't be everywhere.

Harc Seff, Figurin D'an, On the Edge, and Projection of a Skywalker (8)- Force retrieval and force loss prevention.  Very excellent in a mains deck.  All the cards can be used in battle as well.  (PoaS at the holotable and On the Edge as a quasi-Ghhk).

ASP droids, Luke's Sack and Encampment (5).  the amazing destiny 6 machine.  Deploy encampment and ASP droid to same site as Leia and Luke's sack on her.  During your control phase, put the Sack on your reserve deck and use the 6 for Jedi Testing, On the Edge, or battling.  Then deploy the other one from your reserve and do it next turn.

Transmission Termainated, Don't Forget the Droids, Battle Plan, and Scrambled Transmission/Shocking Info (9).	High destiny counters to Hunt down, numbers, Ops/ISB, and Drazin Manip respectively.  Transmission Terminated can also be used to blow up the Holotable.

The Signal/Traffic Control (3)- Who doesn't play with these.  Tracks destiny and allows you to get the cards you need without overdrawing.  Start Battle Plan vs. Ops or ISB and Scrambled Transmission against JP or CCT.  Otherwise, don't start anything.	Put those extra cards in your reserve.	Destiny tracking is crucial for the Jedi Tests.

I thought about adding Savrip, but it is cancelled by MM.  Order to Engage and UNCFury are nice, but they aren't needed once you have control.  One Sense and one Alter would've been nice, but not enough deck space for it.  Enjoy'