---
author: Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: SMACK- Hunt Down Revisited
side: Light
date: 1999-11-23
description: Anti-ANTI Huntdown Tech.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(10)
Bespin	x2
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

Characters(14)
Bothan Spy  x2
H'nemthe
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Oola
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles

Ships/Vehicles(6)
Air-2 Racing Swoop  x2
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Tantive IV

Interrupts(21)
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Courage Of A Skywalker	x2
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
I Know
Lost In The Wilderness
Nabrun Leids  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Out Of Commission  x3
The Signal  x2
Tunnel Vision  x2

Effects(7)
Goo Nee Tay
Revolution  x3
Traffic Control
Undercover  x2

Weapons(1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Objective(1)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers


Strategy: 

Ok..a different type of Anti-Hunt down that also is balanced against pretty much everything. Im trying to fit in Battle Plan(surprise assault and another signal would be nice too) and this deck will go to waste when Crush the Rebellion hits the street..but I do have a tourney before then.
Heres how it works.

Against HuntDown~ Well...this is what its for. Start Goo Nee Tay, yank Bespin to give yourself a bit of a Force Advantage. Dig for Revo's, Spies, Out of Commisions and hold your mains until you can deploy away from Vader or have a courage. Beware Elis/YAB and protect your spies well. Get em undercover if possible. Thinking with your stomach if possible...its just nasty.

Against Ops~ You have nice activation with Dag/Cave first turn and Destiny Adders will help alot (In case it wasnt in decklist I have DTF/FA in my latest version.)Swoops help big.

Against Big Blue~ Oola, Oola then Drop Destiny Adders against what they do deploy.

Against ISB~ Work the Activation/Main beatdown and follow with your Swoops

Quite frankly...those are the only DS dominant decks at the moment (variations of the above)Drazin has died and until ECC/JP Bounty Hunters wont be that strong.