---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Putting the Dark Side Out of Commission"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-10-23
description: ! "MWYHL test to 2 with Destiny Adders.Sticks mains and adders up the nose ofthe opponent."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective  ( 1 )
MWYHL

Locations  ( 6 )
Dagobah (SL)
Dagobah  Yodie's Hut
D BClearing
D TArea
D Swamp
D Jungle

Jedi Tests  ( 2 )
Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strength

Characters  ( 11 )
Yodie
Daughter of Skywalker
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Obi x2
Bothan Spy x2
Wedge Antilles

St'ships  ( 2 )
Tantive 4
Spiral

Effects  ( 10 )
Traffic Control
Draw Their Fire
Mechanical Failure
Order to Engage
Scrambled Transmission
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
Frozen Assets x3

Interrupts  ( 28 )
Courage of a Skywalker x2
Clash of Vader x2
Glancing Blow x2
Smoke Screen
Tunnel Vision x4
Nabrun Leids x2
Don't Get Cocky x2
Gift of the Mentor x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Out of Commission x3
Shocking Information x3
The Signal x2
Don't Forget the Droids x2


'

Strategy: '

Ahkay , here we go. First notes  You'll probably notice that this deck has THE best firepower you've ever seen in a deck. There always was two
problems with Destiny Adders in a deck. The first
was that your stuff might get Sensed  That is taken care of by Draw Their Fire and MWYHL. The second problem was getting your combos together  that is taken care of by Tunnel Vision. This is a pretty simple deck to play  Get combos together and put the ultimate smackdown on stuff ( DTF and Frozen Assets ) . The game is simple -- keep it that way ;)The small number of characters is offset by Jedi Test # 2 , the destiny adders , and Yoda at Hut.

Specifics 

v. CCT- Start Scrambled Transmission. The 3 Shocks will put the hurt on SCrew. 2 Spies with a main or two will gain entrance to the Tower. Out of Commission on a big gun and that is pretty much ballgame.

v. ISB - Start Battle Plan. Using JT #1 will slow them down pretty good. Lack smackdown.

v. ROps - hehe. Start Battle Plan. It may take a turn or two but once you gain access to the planet you can kill someone , ask Vader to step aside (Clash) if necessary.

v. AT-ST Ops - Start Battle Plan. Order to Engage , Mechanical Failure , or One turn kill will win this one.

v. Big Blue -- if you can recognize it early start Wise Advice. Even Imperial Arrest Orders bonus isn't enough to save this type of deck. The destiny in this deck is basically all 5s and will go through them very quickly. Mechanical Failure can be particularly irratating.

v. TIEs -- Start Battle Plan .Tantive and Spiral can't be Talon Rolled so that is no problem. As long as you keep Draw Their Fire up , that'll foil some All Power to Weapons and you can attrition out a gazillion ships. A lone ship at Milwaukee might be the gift that keeps on giving.

v. HDADTJ -- Start Battle Plan. There is a bunch of 5 destinies. I have 2 Courage AND 2 Glancing so dueling isn't a problem. Oh yeah there is 2 Clashes in there also. The Bothan Spies will help cancel Visage. Don't hesitate to let the Out of Commissions fly here  Especially if they lose one early.

Wrap-up  That is about all the decks I can think of right now. Basically you go right at them and play Smashmouth Star Wars CCG. Buckle up and strap in tight. If Main Course isn't used much in your area ( like in mine ) then they'll be helpless. Enjoy racking up power totals in the 30s.

Mike Fitzgerald / D'akturak'