---
author: Justin "Nitsuj" Stratton
title: Nitsuj's Hooked on Phonics
side: Light
date: 1999-12-26
description: Traditional tatooine mains n' toys with a mix of harvest.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (5):
Tatooine
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Lar's Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hutt

Characters (23):
Ardon 'Vapor' Crell
B'omarr Monk x 2
Ben Kenobi
Beru Lars x 2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Corporal Beezer
H'nemthe x 2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke Skywalker
Luke With Lightsaber
Moisture Farmer x 4
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Owen Lars x 2
Talz
Wioslea

Starships (6)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando in Millennium Falcon
Redemption
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (13):
Careful Planning
Don't Forget The Droids x 2
Grimtaash x 2
Harvest x 3
It's A Trap!
Sorry About The Mess
The Signal x 3

Effects(9):
Bacta Tank
Bargaining Table
Battle Plan
Docking And Repair Facilities
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage
Revolution
Tatooine Celebration
The Planet That It's Farthest From

Devices(3):
Hydroponics Station x 2
Vaporator

Weapons (1):
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber


Strategy: 

This is a deck that I built in my spare time during finals week 2 weeks ago.  All I really did was modify Talztech a bit, changing it from Nighttime Conditions to Harvest.  It is sort of brainless, but I did fit in a few tricks.  However, if you know how to play harvest, then you know this deck.

Starting Stuff
-or-
Get Ready, Get Set, Go!

My usual start is Tatooine System, careful plan for Lar's Farm.  I really, really experimented with a good starting set up.  At first I usually started with Obi-Wan's hutt, and planned for the farm.  It was nice when I drew a starting Obi-Wan, but it wasn't so nice when I drew TPTIFF or Tatooine Celebration.  Not only that, but using Tatooine as my starting location works well for starting with TPTIFF in a pinch.  The new DS objective can really hurt with Dark Deal, and at least with the TPTIFF I force my opponent to flip.

Harvest's engine
-or-
Start Your Engines!

Of course, the retrieval engine for Harvest is rather strong, especially against the opponent who doesn't play grabbers (just about everyone and their sister in my area).  In order to set up the engine quickly I am running doubles of Owen and Beru.  However, the Hydroponics Station/Vaporator combo with the Moisture Farmer's ability to tutor (uggh, magic reference, forgive me) for them really does speed up the deck quite a bit.  They make good fodder also, so they are here to stay.

Celebration
-or-
Damn!  The browns almost won...

The secondary strategy of Tatooine Celebration makes things a bit more fun.  The retrieval is nice, and my Docking And Repair Facilities and Bacta Tank/Redemption Combo make it pretty easy to hold Tatooine against anything but the meanest space deck.  The space presence also help to keep ABCTTU away from me (Tantive IV) so my Vapor Crell can do some more work.

Drain Potential
-or-
Prego, its in there.

Vapor Crell is obvious, but the Monks sweetin the pot a little bit.  It is easy to hold two sites and have a drain of 4 at one and 3 at the other.  All I have to do is keep Vapor Crell around.  That is where things get a little more rough.  He is rather easy to shoot (or capture) and protecting him can be a problem.  However...if they are going after Crell with an attitude that keeps good ol Owen and Beru safe, which keeps my retrieval alive.	So, my usual strategy is to keep these people separate: Owen and Beru at the farm, Crell at site 'x'.  My opponent has a choice now, stop the engine or stop the drainage.  I don't care which, you say tomatoe, I say tomatae.  After he commits, I counter attack with EPP's.

Force the issue
-or-
My, water is expensive

As a bonus surprise I am using the H'nemthe and Goo Nee Tay combo.  Vader deploys for +4, Tarkin +4, ISB chumps +2, etc.  Alien only decks aren't affected quite as much, but Goo Nee Tay still hurts the more prominent Bounty Hunters.  My array of effects is rather standard, but the Order To Engage is a little fun coupled with the expensive deploy.

Conclusions:

I have only played this deck against two dark side decks.  One of them was a slaughter against someone who struggles to grasp this game.  The other was against someone without much money but probably the most skilled player I know (He plays Set For Stun...I hate Set For Stun because he makes it work!)	I never seem to be hurting for characters.  However, I do realize that this deck is fragile, it is combo intensive.  Not only that, but it lacks offensive punch for little force, like my Talztech had.  So, any ideas how to make it a little more strong?
