---
author: Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: Rock the Cazbaugh...
side: Light
date: 1999-10-27
description: A theoretical deck on the new ECC based
Objective for the Lightside on Cloud City.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start : ( 4 )
Quiet Mining Colony / Independent Op
Bespin
Leia's Hut
The Signal

Locations : ( 4 )
Bespin : Cloud City
CC: DTPlaza
Clouds
CC: West Gallery

Characters : ( 23 )
Elom x8
Bothan Spy x2
H'nemthe x2
Tibanna Gas Miner x2
Yoxgit x2
Harc Seff
EPP Lando x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Luke x2

Blue : ( 10 )
Special Z-95 x2
Cloud Car x4
Tantive 4
Spiral
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Green : ( 2 )
Landing Claw x2

Effects : ( 8 )
Battle Plan
Cloud City Celebration x2
Order to Engage
Traffic Control
Wise Advice
WYTTPOUs? x2

Interrupts : ( 9 )
NSWChimes x2
The Signal
Nabrun x2
Quite a Merc x2
DFTDroids x2


Strategy: 

Hmm. Where to start. Since this is more of a template deck right now I'll talk a bit differently then normal.

Start : Either start Wise Advice if you expect to see SAC or Battle Plan otherwise.

Locations - since these can be pulled from reserve I saw no reason to put in more then I activate then 12 from my locs after turn 4-5. Since the gas miners and clouds crank the drain potential up a bunch I didn't wanna spread out where the flip back would be accomplished too easily. Drain potential is 10 at max and if Celebration is up it'll be enough.

Characters : Yoxgit to make sure you don't have to fight for the system if they bring Executor or something. Eloms are nice 4 destinies and since Crush the Rebellion will stop extra destinies the extra power they give is just as nasty. H'nemthes because I don't want no 2/2 Scrubs. Bothans for Visage. Miners for drains. EPP Lando for extra fire power. Harc Seff to cut off drains. EPP Han and Luke are for extra fire power to go to their locations or if they are playing a non-dueling deck ( don't wanna deploy versus a dueling deck for lack of duel adders ).

Blue : The Z-95s will keep the flip going back and forth , if you've abandoned the thought of Celebrating. Tantive 4 and leaders are a decent space force especially with EPP Luke and Han on them. The Cloud Cars will help protect B:CC and the one other cloud sector.

Effects : Celebration for force retreival. Order to Engage to do damage. SAC protection in Wise Advice and Grapplers.

Interrupts : Anti-Numbers and Elis in multiple. Nabrun x2 and extra Signal. 2 Chimes for whatever non-unique alien needed.

That's it. Just my little first sketch here. It is very possible to include a Sabaac version or Mains version or other things but I like the way this one turned out.

Mike Fitzgerald 