---
layout: archive
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! "Pure Rumors Space"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-20
description: ! "This deck uses the massive drains provided by Rumors to win drain races, or uses the Big Blue power to beat on your opponent."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations (11)

Corulag
Coruscant
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Bunker
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Landing Platform
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex

Starships (10)

Avenger
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Devastator
Dreadnaught x4
Executor
Vengence

Vehicles (7)

Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6

Characters (14)

Captain Lennox
Captain Needa
Commander Desanne
Commander Igar
Darth Vader w/Stick
DVDLOTS
DS-61-2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Lietenant Arnet
Lietenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Officer Evax

Effects (11)

Battle Order
Broken Concentration
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage x2
Ominous Rumors
Oppresive Enforcement
Presence of the Force
Security Precautions

Interrupts (6)

I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookie
Masterful Move
Monnok x2
Shocking Revelation
Twi'lek Advisor

'

Strategy: '

Dark Side space is definitely the more superior fleet now, and this deck takes advantage of that. All the starships are chosen because they provided ability 2 permanent pilots. Dengar is in there because this deck can't overcome immunity to attrition with high destiny draws. Please don't nitpick with me about the 2/2 pilots, if you think others are better, let me know, but don't mark me down for preference. IJASKAW is my way of dealing with Landing Claw. This deck can definitely drain at 2 or more systems though. Lateral Damage is the most useful card in this deck, that's why there are two of them. The Shocker is in there because I hate Oola, and it's a recyclable 5. Vs certain decks

Operatives Start Battle Plan to slow them waaaay
	down. Imperial Decree will definitely come in
	handy. Disrupt them enough to get your own
	drains in.

MWYHL Start Broken Concentration. Beat them off of
	wherever they go. Imperial Arrest Order will
	help keep their mains in one place.

Hidden Base Start Security Precautions. Use the
	Lateral Damages to their fullest, as well as
	Dengar.

Mains and Toys See MWYHL. Outdrain in space.

I think that's about it. If you have any questions or comments, drop me a message BEFORE you review my deck. Thanks a lot. '