---
layout: archive
author: ! Angel "Dj" San Jose
title: ! "Dj s ISB Drain #24"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-08-27
description: ! "It doesn't get very high differential (about +15), but you can counter almost any strategy. 2 ways for retrieval, massive drains and power enough for fun. I qualified for my Regional (Ithor) with it."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

Locations (12)
Coruscant Imperial Square (Starting Location)
Coruscant
Cloud City Port Town District
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Yavin 4 Jungle
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Tatooine Tusken Canyon
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters/Creatures(22)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Zuckuss
Colonel Wulf Yularen
Officer Evax
Lt. Pol Treidum
Lieutenant Renz
Outer Rim Scout x8
Lobel
Probe Droid x2
5D6-RA-7 (Fivedesix) x2
Bubo

Vehicles/Starships (6)
Mist Hunter
Avenger
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 3

Weapons/Devices (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Restraining Bolt

Effects/Interrupts (16)
Twilek Advisor x2 (1 for Starting Interrupt)
There Is No Try (optional Starting Interrupt)
Resistance (optional Starting Interrupt)
Abyssin Ornament x2
Ghhhk x2
Control x2
Tarkin's Orders
Security Precautions
Imperial Supply
Expand The Empire
Monnok
Masterful Move
Imperial Arrest Order'

Strategy: '

A few hints

If you 'feel' LS goes with mains and SAC (ie. he starts with Obi's Hut), the Starting Interrupt is There's No Try. If not, you'd better go with Resistance.

As you see, it's almost inmune to Revolution (I love when they revolve the starting location the next turn I deploy an ISB there and drain for 3).

First turn you normally draw up, but you also can deploy something if you got a +1 drain location. It makes them think... Dont worry, most of your ISB are forfeit 5, he cant hurt you too much at first. And you will retrieve that early hero, anyway... -)

If they play mains, dont deploy anything until you have 4 ISB in hand. Then deploy quickly and flip the Objective. Be sure he will come after you inmediately, so be prepared just to set up more locations with ISB and spread -not too much, though. Dont bother about losing ISBs from table, you know you will retrieve them. But dont let him kill all of your ISB or the Objective will flip back again (that's why Fivedesix is in there x2, and the Restraining Bolt put it on a Probe Droid and you have anohter Fivedesix, which cant be battled).

Sometimes it's better if you lose characters from table in a battle. Picture this He deploys Obi, Han and Leia vs. your 4 ISB at Cloud City. He hits 2 of your people and you DONT DRAW battle destiny -it's optional. Why? Next turn you use Abyssin Ornament to get Lobel, deploy him on Tatooine, where you have 3 locations and Expand The Empire in the middle for a whooops draining of 11 there (remember your ISB drain +1, plus those Tatooine locations are all +1). Now, he's stuck there, he cant Nabrun his characters. Protect your Lobel with a Walker if you need to. To laugh a lil' more, deploy Fivedesix to where he has the people. He drains, as much, for 2. Game Over. You have 22 characters in the deck +3 Walkers. That's, hmmm..., power.

Remember you normally activate 3-4 1st turn, 6-7 in 2nd, about 10 the next one, and so on up to about 18 cards (he has to deploy locations if he wants to drain, it helps). Goo Nee Tay makes nothing to you.

Masterful Move is a key. It lets you look for that Ghhhk you need right now, or that Monnok.

Keep Imperial Supply in hand until you know for sure he's not playing the Draw Their Fire/Frozen Assets-Beggar Combo.

ORS This guys are great. I'll probably add 1 more instead of Zuckuss (and IG 2000, too). 1 ORS and Mist Hunter gives you a space power of 5 +destiny, and 6 forfeit. Much better ratio than a Destroyer, cause it only costs 5 force... and you'll lose that ISB back from attrition, just to be retrieved next turn. Also, Mist Hunter Destiny is a 4. And Hyperspeed 5, great for probing Hidden Bases... and to block Asteroid Sanctuarys

If LS is playing Asteroid Sanctuary, he'll be probably playing Roche (it lets you look for Big One). So deploy one of those generic locations to it, preferably the docking bay, where you can deploy Mist Hunter or IG 2000, load it with ORS, take off and block the Sanctuary. I've done this several times and people just get collerical... -)'