---
layout: archive
author: ! Peter "martian" Hall
title: ! "The Bikers of Ralltiir"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-23
description: ! "Numbers and Bikers and TIEs (oh my)"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Ralltiir Operations

Locations (11)
Carida
Desert
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Jungle
Kiffiex
Raithal  x2
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefect's Office

Carachters (13)
Biker Scout Trooper  x3
Comm Chief  x2 (tech)
Corporal Drelosyn
Corporal Misik
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elsek	x2
Sergeant Irol
Sergeant Major Bursk

Vehicles (5)
Speedr Bike x5

Ships (8)
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Death Star Assault Squadron
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2
TIE Defender Mark I  x3
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Effects (12)
3,720 To 1  x4
Bad Feeling Have I
Crossfire
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Interrupts (10)
All Power To Weapons
High-speed Tactics
Monnok
Tactical Support  x4
Twi'lek Advisor
You Rebel Scum	x2

'

Strategy: '

I made a deck similar to this right after Endor was released.  It was fun, but it had a few problems.  The biggest two were react-hosing cards, and Don't Forget the Droids.  I have attempted to fix those problems in this version of the deck.  Here's how to beat specific deck types

vs. Mains of any sort - Start BFHI.  Use Tactical support to find the right Bikers.  Elsek is like a reacting Ghhhk.  After you flip, try to control Raithal, and hit them with numbers.  Pull a grabber for DFTD.  There are three basic ways that they can stop your reacts
- Frozen Assets/Beggar If you suspect hat your opponent is using this, drop a Comm Cheif with Elskek.
- Sense Grab the Sense.  Unless your opponent has a hand full of Senses, and a ton of force, somehing should be able to react.
- Beezer/Lock Use You Rebel Scum to remove their texts.  YRS is also useful to prevent Obi from moving Elsek away.

vs. Ops - Flip ASAP, then set up Decree and Numbers.  Crossfire prevents a Speeder beatdown.

vs. HB - Start BFHI to prevent early EPP squads.  Use TIES/DSAS with APTW (you can fetch it every turn, if it doesn't get snagged).  Crossfire + TIE Defenders take care of S-Foils.  Grab Organized Attack.  Try to hold Ralltiir, and let the numbers do their thing.

Other notes
-I used Desert/Jungle because they work well with the Speeder Bikes immunity to attrition.  The Prefect's Office is for Burnsk, who is a destiny 3 trooper, that is also a leader.  Along with IAO, this makes all the unique scouts forfieit +3 on Ralltiir.	The DB is there in case I have to drop a TIE @ Ralltiir to flip.

-Carida is imortant, since it lets you recycle the Biker Scouts.  Aratech Corp. is nice, but I don't think it's worth the card slto, since there are only 5 Bikes in the deck.

-The Hoth sites are primarily for activaton, but can be used for Decree, if you can't hold two systems.

Everything else is prety self-explanitory.  If your opponent is playing Ultimatum (which few people do), try to insert quickly before it goes into effect.  Any suggestions are welcome.

'