---
author: Alan "DrObiwannabe" Jern
title: Not A Pokemon Deck
side: Dark
date: 1999-09-11
description: ISB Ops with IAO for early sites, quick flips, and fast drains.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
ISB Ops
Coruscant
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations:
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
Cloud City: Port Town District
Endor: Dark Forest
Cloud City: Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Endor: Docking Bay
Hoth: Docking Bay
Yavin IV: Docking Bay
<>Docking Bay

Characters:
Outer Rim Scout x14
Admiral Ozzel
Corporal Oberk
Corporal Vandolay
Lieutenant Renz
Officer Evax
Sergeant Tarl
Sergeant Torent
EPP Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin

Interrupts:
Ghhhk x4
Masterful Move x3
Monnok
Sneak Attack
Abyssin Ornament x2
Twilek Advisor

Effects:
Well Guarded
Do, Or Do Not
Security Precautions
Resistance
Imperial Decree

Vehicles/Starships:
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught x4

Strategy: 

This deck is about as simple as it gets. Start out with ISB Ops, Coruscant, and IAO. First turn, pull out either the Hoth or Yavin IV docking bays in anticipation of setting up Imperial Decree. Once you have those two, simply put out as many sites as you can draw or pull out of reserve deck. Drop one or two ISB agents to each site and drain, drain, drain.

Vs Hidden Base: Set up as many drains as you possibly can as early as possible. If it appears that they don't plan on flipping the objective, concentrate on pulling out Imperial Decree, pretty much diminishing their drains. If they flip early in an attempt to stop your drains, conentrate on getting Security Precautions and send out your Dreadnuaghts for draining

Vs. Revolver: This is simple. Just get Imperial Decree running as soon as possible and then continue as normal.

Vs MWYHL: This is the deck's biggest weakness it seems. In this case, speed is the deciding factor. Get everything out as soon as possible, considering that normally he will stick to his own plans. Surprise Assaults won't be a big problem if you only have one or two guys per site. Basically, get as many drains as you can in and hopefully wipe them out before they can flip their objective.

Vs Tosche Mains: This decks capability of early activation is a threat but can be dealt with. This is what the Ghhhks are for. Drop one ISB agent per site. If they drop a beatdown Ghhhk away the damage. If Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire is popular in your area, replace the Sneak Attack and a Monnok for a couple Main Courses.

Vs Ops: Ops are extremely easy to beat. Set up Imperial Decree and flip your objective and they have no drains at all on their planet. In this case, they may come after you. Ghhhk.

This is my first try at an ISB deck, so please tell me what you think and if I'm missing anything. Thanks.