---
layout: archive
author: ! Alan "DrObiwannabe" Jern
title: ! "Revised Nowhere To Hide"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-09-06
description: ! "Get lots of force early for big beatdowns on the opponent before he gets a chance to set up, earning early control of the table."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Twilek Advisor
Expand The Empire

Locations
Jabbas Palace Entrance Cavern
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Jabbas Palace Dungeon
Jabbas Palace Droid Workshop
Jabbas Palace Rancor Pit
Tatooine Cantina

Characters
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Commander Igar
Admiral Motti
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Jabba The Hutt
Boelo
Zuckuss
Niado Duegad
JQuille
Djas Puhr
General Veers
Bane Malar
Dr. Evazan

Interrupts
Sense x4
Alter x4
Monnok x2
Elis Helrot x2
Masterful Move
Ghhhk
You Are Beaten
Evader
The Circle Is Now Complete
Combat Readiness

Effects
Bad Feeling Have I
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Resistance
Presence Of The Force
Security Precautions

Starships
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Devastator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x3

Vehicles
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Creatures
Bubo

Weapons
Vader's Lightsaber'

Strategy: '

This deck was pretty much based off Rowen's JP Main's And Toys deck which has been quite
succesful for him. The strategy is simple beatdown, beatdown, beatdown. First turn, pull out all your
JP sites for a nice 9 force on your second turn. Next, just draw until you get a nice army of characters.
The drain potential in this deck is very low, so the main objective is to just go to the opponent and stop
him and whatever he's doing. Example The opponent is playing operatives. They drop down a Bothan
Spy with an Op on their first turn. You drop Vader with Lightsaber, Jabba, Grand Moff Tarkin, and Boba
Fett there and battle. You hit both of their characters and outpower them by 14. They forfeit the two
guys and 14 force. You then move your guys a little for some good drain potential on their planet. At that
point, you have already overpowered them. All the effects and interrupts have to do with battling and
hurting the opponent when necessary. Have fun, and have no mercy'