---
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: Sniper TK-422s @#$%
side: Dark
date: 2000-12-23
description: This is my own BHBM.This title, because I snipered TK-422 and Force Lightninged Boushh in my last game.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
BHBM/TYFP

Starting(7):
D*2:Throne Room
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob. Points
Battle Order
Your Destiny
Insignifant Rebellion

Characters(16):
Lord Vader x3
DVDLOTS
Grand Moff Tarkin (Japanese)
Officer Evax
Emperor Palpatine x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Mara Jade x2
Mighty Jabba
Iggy with Gun
Boba with Gun
4-Lom with Gun

Weapons(3):
Vaders Stick x2
Maras Stick

Vehicles(2):
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Ships(5):
Dengars ship
Zuckusss ship
Bossks ship
Bobas ship
Executor

Interrupts(14):
Sniper
Weapon Levitation
Imperial Barrier x2
Projective Telepathy x2
Sense x3
Alter x2
You are beaten (foil)
Force Lightning
Rise, My Friend

Effects(7):
Secret Plans
Presence of The Force x2
Lateral Damage
Therell be hell to pay
Security Precautions
S&D

Locations(5):
Endor
Rendili
Endor: DB
CC.: DB
D*2.: DB 

Strategy: 

edit: will add Oppresive Enforcement and maybe Imperial Decree for something else.
--------------------------------------------------
First of all Card Choices:

Rise, My Friend - This card is very usefull, to travel with Vader, either to hunt Luke after opponent deploys him to another planet or to just bring him to Emperor.

Weapon Levitation - Get Vaders Stick or just steal some stupid Mains their weapons.Great Card.

Force Lightning and Sniper - to take care of Undercover spies.F.L. is also an easy way to track Destiny, because you can search it every turn from Reserve Deck, play it on Sim or Janus to reduce Defense Value and track it this way.

Your are beaten, Imperial Barrier and Projective Telepathy - This cards give you the advantage, to decide when battles take place, if they take place, and with whom in them.Also good against Order to Engage and other @#$%.

Secret Plans and Therell be hell to pay- mainly against MWYHL.

Presence of the force - good not cancelable drain and activation bonus(only with SAC).
--------------------------------------------------
Strategy:
Like in all the other BHBM Decks the Key is Fast-Activation.First turn get Rendili, Empy to a DB, and draw up.Next  turns try to build upp Drains and S&D, Presences will help a lot, cause the only way for opponent to cancel your drains will be Undercover spies, and you will killem with Interrupts.Things like Rbel Fleet most be altered as fast as possible.So drain fast, let S&D do its magic and battle him hard.You have enough ground stuff to win battles, and maybe duel Luke if you havent won otherwise.In my area there a nearly no Light Decks with SAC inside, so I think this will be good for me.
Now for the Matchups:

EBO - Therefore I will add Imperial Decree.Get your Walkers with Tarkin and Evax to Hoth and keep a Barrier in hand, just in case yopu need it.
With Imp. Decree working, holding one or two systems with your ships and Battle Order you should win.

HB - get S&D and your Drains fast, and park Executor with a probe card at drain system, but try to not find his Base.With Exe and Boba blocking 2 Drain Systems you should win.Probe his Base(often Kessel if X-Wings or Kashyyyk)only if it will kill him, so you musnt be aware of a heavy Beatdown.

Agents/Speeders - therefore I cant write anything cause there arent such decks in my area.So write me one if you like to.

Agents/Aliens - kill his guys.Fallen Portal shouldnt be a problem: grab it Sense it and beat him down.Also it wont kill Vader(he would need a 7) and Walkers will also help you.Try to win a few battles, Sniper Kabe or any other Rep or Tessek and Alter OTE.Light side aliens arent as strong as Abyssians with MKOS.So easy matchup.

MWYHL - Tough Matchup.I think this is still the best Lightside Objective.So, well if it is Super Falcon park all your ships at Kessel and Lateral Damage him.On ground take Luke and fight others.Start with Secret Plans!!!!!!!!!(important)
Presences are usefull again because Test 1 dont cancels it.So good Luck.

Thats all I have to say.If you think I forgot Decks, those Decks are not that strong.This Deck will change for sure if Reflec.II comes out.So peace to all and rate fair.Cya 