---
layout: archive
author: ! Matthew "Teknologik" Wright
title: ! "Speed EBO (Who would ve thought)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-16
description: ! "This deck uses the new cards from 3rd anthology to get ebo going quick for mega space drains."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Sites (10)

Main Power Generators (S)
4th markerNorth ridge (S)
Echo Docking Bay
Echo Corridor
Echo war room
Kiffex
Kessel
Yavin 4
Hoth
Corulag

Characters (12)

EPP Leia x2
luke skywalker x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Leesub Sirln
Commander wedge antilles
Derrik '

Strategy: '

Derrik Hobbie Klivian
Genral rieekan
Oola
Figrun d'an

Starships (20)
x-wing x10
Tantive 4
Spiral
red leader in red 1
gold leader in gold 1
gold squad y-wing x2
Artoo detoo in red 5 x2
Millennium Falcon x2

Interrupts (9)
The signal x3
Rebel barrier x3
Transmission terminated x2
All wings report in

Effects (9)
Echo Base Operations
Echo Base Garrison
A new secret base (S)
Traffic control
Do or do not
wise advice
Bacta Tank
rebel Fleet
Haven


I don't know how but it didn't post the rest of my deck so here it is.

I designed this deck in my spare time because I was bored.

The starting stuff is pretty obvious.  With the new effect, on your first 3 turns you should have all of the things you need to deploy ebo.  First, pull the war room for generation and the other third anthology card.  The reason for this is so you can then search for commander wedge and hobbie if you need them to deploy ebo.	If you don't need them, put them into space.  Second turn get the other 2 sites or 1 site and EBO.  Third turn you should have it deployed unless you got no characters besides hobbie and wedge or you get it out earlier.	 Get out general rieekan to protect ebo. After that,just deploy systems from reserve deck and drain away.  Get out the other effects and put haven on yavin 4 or hoth.

These stratagies might not be excellent because i have not seen this or played this against anyone. It is also a recent deck type.

vs. raltiir.
Do what i said above and barrier there ships since these decks usually only have 4 or 5 ships.	use leesub to try to get starships out of their hand.  You can also get a quick ship to raltiir to prevent a second or third turn flip. drain away in space for decent drains of 2 or higher.

vs. huntdown
Cancel visage early.  Do the usual set up.  If vader comes into the echo sites, just run away and drain away in space.	Use the barriers to stop their ships then kill them.  If vader goes in space, just avoid him.  If vader goes onto a drain two site, get out rebel fleet asap and cancel that drain.  If they flip, you might have to deploy luke to the 4th marker so that the super falcon + other ships can mop up in space.


vs. a space deck
Flip asap just as usual.  Get out super falcon and luke in red 5 with the other ships.	You should out power them.  Kill off their ships and drain for a lot in space. '