---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: ! "Small Blue Hunt Down 4 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-21
description: ! "I took more advice in my hopes to make a pretty well rounded HDADTJ w/o dueling."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Endor Backdoor
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Endor
Death Star
Coruscant

Characters (16)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
Dannik Jerriko
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle

Starships/Vehicles (11)
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Bobe Fett in Slave 1
Tempest 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6
Dune Walker

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interrupts (10)
I Have You Now x2
Elis Helrot
Masterful Move
Twi'lek Advisor
Evader
Trample
Holonet Transmission
You Are Beaten x2

Effects (10)
Visage of the Emperor x2
Broken Concentration
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Come Here You Big Coward
Resistance
They'll Be Hell to Pay
Battle Order
Crush the Rebellion

Weapons (1)
Vader's Lightsaber

Objective
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe	'

Strategy: '

I took some of Mike Fitzgerald's advice from his review of my last HDADTJ deck (version 3.0). I decided not to scrap the three Endor sites however since I like them. I also added Endor so if they don't play space I can drain somewhere.

Against Mains/Tosche Station Play Security Precautions and you'll have just enough to get Vader out first turn to Tosche. Beatdown with Walkers. Use I Have You Now and You are Beaten.

Against MWYHL play Broken Concentration and drain alot. Doesn't have alot of drain modifiers so Test 1 isn't a big factor anyway. Come Back You Big Coward to cancel retrieval if they don't occupy two battlegrounds. Use I Have You Know or You are Beaten on mains.

Against Hidden Base Start Resistance. Use ships to probe. Dengar excels against swarm decks while Zuckuss protects your ships from attrition. Try to get your Security Precautions out early.

Against ops Use Bubo and walkers to beatdown on system. Battle Order will stop early drains.

Anything else Start Bad Feeling Have I/Security Precautions and try to flip early. Get walkers out.

Against Odds Use Resistance and beatdown.  '