---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Jedi Taboos" Praskac
title: ! "Scum 2000 Praskac Style"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-02
description: ! "S & V deck that smacks dat ass around"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Set YOur Course For Alderaan

Locations(8)
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Alderaan
Death Star War Room
Tattoine JP x3
JP Audience Chamber

Characters(16)
Jabba the Hutt x2
IG-88 w/ Gun x2
4-LOM w/ Gun x2
Dengar w/ Gun x2
Djas Puhr
Brangus Glee
Bane Malar
Gailid
Dr. Evazan
Mara Jade
Boelo
Ephant Mon

Starships(3)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(16)
None Shall Pass x2
Imperial Barrier x3
Twi Lek Advisor x2
Masterful Move x2
Ghhhk x2
Monnonk
Main Course
Point Man
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Prepared Defenses

Effects(16)
Opressive Enforcement
There Is No Try
Ability, Ability, Ability
You Cannont Hide Forever
Come Here You Big Coward
There Is No Try
Search And Destroy
First Strike
Blast Door Controls
Scum & Vilainy x2
Battle Order
No Bargain
Bad Feeling Have I
Leave Them To Me
'

Strategy: '

How this deck starts out is like dis.

Starting Cards Obviously the objective and locations, then prepared defenses but depending on what the opponent starts you pull different stuff.

First turn you obviously go and get the war room first turn.  If you don't have a Jabba's Palace in your starting hand glance at the reserve deck to see if you activated one of them.  If JP is in your starting hand then you will be activating 11 force next turn Normally if you have a None Shall Pass or Imperial Barrier then depoly Jabba from the deck for even more force

How to play the deck is difficult to learn.  Basically it's a battle deck.  With Scum + First strkie it's a 4 card swing.  Every time you lose a character in battle initiate another battle to retrieve you lost character(s).

vs. Certain Types

Against Ops Start secret plans + No baragain + leave them to me. Battle them to death, easy win, easy win against ops, about damn time. YOPS CAN BLOW ME

Against EBO/HB-well start No Bargain + You Cannont Hide Forever + Opressive Enforcement.  If it's HB pull Security Precautions with You Cannont Hide Forever.	 Against either deck it won't be hard to hold the ground.  Battle Order will do it's job, battle in space when you feel the time is right.

Against MWYHL-by far the hardest matchup because most likely your drains will be non-existent. Start Oppressive Enforcement + There Is No Try + No Bargain.  Set up search an destroy and ability, ability, ability.  If they come to battle then it will be an easy win.  If they ignore you then the game will be long and annoying.

Agaisnt Profit- This is funny, an easy win.  Start No Bargain + Oppressive + There Is No Try with Jabba and Ephant Man in audience chamber.  Keep stacking up forces in the audience chamber then start draining a jp, with search and destroy + ability, ability, ability.

Numbers- not anymore

Throne Room- back dat ass up

There Is Good In Him- might be good in him, but it aint a good deck

Peace Out, Ghetto 7 Chris Praskac

'