---
layout: archive
author: ! Gabriel "The Diplomat" Alonso
title: ! "FL States HDADTJ Focus on dueling V1 1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-03
description: ! "My FL state championship dark deck."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
HDADTJ/ Their Fire Has Gone out of the Universe

Epic Event(1)
Epic Duel

Locations(6)
Executor Med Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Dagobah Cave
Imperial Holotable
Coruscant
Kashyyyk

Characters(7)
EPP Vader x2
DLOTS x2
Darth Vader
Mara Jade
IG 88 w/ Gun

Weapons(2)
Vaders Stick
Maras Stick

Ships (5)
Bossk in Bus
Boba in S1
Zuckuss in MH
Dreadnaught
Vaders Shuttle

Effects(14)
Presence of the Force x2
Visage of the Emperor x3
Reactor Terminal x2
Secret Plans
Blast Door Controls
Crush the Rebellion
Security Precautions
Image of the Dark Lord
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward

Interrupts(24)
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move
Sniper
Dark Strike
Its Worse
Focused Attack x2
Holonet Transmission x2
The Circle is Now Complete x2
Vaders Obsession x2
Elis Helrot x2
You are Beaten x2
Evader x3
Torture x2
Twilek Advisor x2 '

Strategy: '

The destiny draws in this deck are really high. You can duel or battle and swing at characters with high ability with confidence. This type of deck is definitely a metagame type of deck. It works best if you are expecting a lot of people to play decks focused on mains or ground battles especially Throne Room Mains. This deck can hang a bit in space but not really. The ships are mainly to probe or hold a system for a steady drain. A focused space deck with tricks is advantaged against this deck.

Heres how it matches up against the light decks in the current environment

Profit Deck This deck is advantaged against profit. Blast Door Controls is a game breaker. It prevents them from playing barrier and Narrow Escapes. Deploy Vader to Tatooine, set up a drain and wait for the mains. Be wary when battling for tricks like fallen portal. When they deploy Ben or Luke duel them out of the game. If they choose not to deploy, you have Elis Helrot to jump on them being wary of Quite a Mercenary. If you feel your opponent might be playing with duel protection cards, just battle them and attrition them away with your saber and high destiny draw or wait for your focused attack and set up your draws with reactor terminal. If they stack on you use Dark Strike to get a sure hit or to break up nasty combos like Ben and any rebel, or EPP combos. Late game you can finish them off with some drains in space or to get around battle order.

Mains and Toys This deck is advantaged against mains and toys. I would start Crush the Rebellion here. Go get an evader immediately. This Planning for the swamp and farm for force acceleration and the revolution variants. It also category includes the Throne Room start with Careful includes The Obis hut start with Careful Planning for Tosche Station or the Audience Chamber. Other mains and toys include the harvest or Tatooine Celebration variants. If they are playing a force acceleration type of deck, be aware you can use Image of the Dark Lord to reduce the activation and force them to deploy characters. Use Holonet Transmission to cancel Transmission Terminated and make them suffer to Visage. Use Presence of the Force o Mara Jade to invade Yavin if they dont put down a battleground site elsewhere, kill the pathetic nudjs and set up a drain. If your opponent is running Tosche Station, they are in trouble. Deploy to the station to keep him from activating and then pressure him at the Hut. You have ships to go to space if you need to. If they are playing Tatooine celebration, park your fleet at the system and dont let them control it. Be especially wary for dueling cards in these decks. Against Revolution decks 3 evaders should be enough.

Quiet Mining Colony Havent seen any good ones yet. If you have one please email me. Not prevalent in my area.

Mind What You have Learned This deck could be disadvantaged depending upon what kind of deck it is. If they are just using MWHYL for Yoda and his 2 to attrition; to protect their interrupts and effects; and are running mains, then you are advantaged. If they are running tricks or combos and setting up destiny draws, you are disadvantaged.
Be very careful against this type of deck. Your opponent will isolate Vader and drop an Uncontrollable Fury on him. You have two You are Beaten to deal with this. Be wary going to space as some of these decks send up Super Falcons and set up high destinies. If they come to the ground with mains and they are not setting up destinies, come down and battle them and clear the site. This match up requires finesse and anticipation on your part. You have to try and identify as quickly as possible what kind of strategy your opponent is trying to use and either counter it or stay away. I am debating adding some Projective Telepathy to the deck to deal with Anger, Fear, Agression.

Operatives This deck is disadvantaged against Ops. Twilek for Battle Order. Against Mains and ops you can try and set up some drains and use Presence of the force to get around the 1 from the objective. Dont let him control a system and make him pay to drain. If you can get your hands on Luke or Obi put them out of the game for some damage. Against Speeder Ops, do not come down to an exterior site with Vader or Mara. You will get drilled. Set up drains in space and make him pay to drain. Protect Visage. Both these games are tough matchups.

Hidden Base Mains and Mofos. This is an even match up. Mains and Mofos is around 20 characters, 20 ships, very few effects and interrupts. I might Twilek for Presence of the Force to the holotheatre. Set up Vader at a battleground. Make him lose to Visage. Dont go to space until they commit some ships. When they do, dont drop ships by themselves. Make a fleet and start probing. The Holotable is a steady drain all game versus this deck. If he comes down to fight use your high destiny and Choke Vader to inflict as much attrition as possible. The Rebels will keep coming down every turn.

Hidden Base start with Mains This deck is advantaged in this matchup. Start Crush the Rebellion. Some deck use the HB for acceleration. They get Dagobah, then Yodas hut, and so on. Its basically a mains deck. Beware an EPP dogpile. Use Imperial Barrier to exclude Han or someone who adds destiny. Use Dark strike to eliminate characters that add additional destinies. Duel as soon as you can.

Hidden base Inserts This deck is even. You have two tortures. I dont expect inserts right, if they are prevalent in your area run one more torture. That should be enough. If you get unlucky you could lose. Use your ships mid to late game to probe if he flips then try and block his drains. Set up Vader at the Holotheatre with Presence of the Force. Protect Visage with Holonet Transmission. Drain at the Holotable with Image of the Dark Lord.

Hidden base Xwing Swarm This deck is disadvantaged against X Wing Swarm. If you go up to space you will get drilled. He can cancel your two drains. Use Battle Order to slow him down. Set up a fleet and set up your destinies and pray.

Hidden Base Our Most Desperate Hour This deck is disadvantaged against OMDH. This deck is chock full of tech. I would start battle Order. You need to hope that Visage makes him lose some key cards. Try and control the Tatooine system so he cant deploy there. Use barrier. If he is foolish and comes down duel him unless you see he is setting up destiny.

Possible Substitution cards based on your areas field and metagame include
Coounter Assaults
Lateral Damage
Death Star and A Bright Center to the Universe
Monnoks
I Have You Now
Projective Telepathy

Gabriel "The Diplomat" Alonso   '