---
author: Luca "Luca/Tzizvvt" Costanzo
title: Bastard Base v 1.1
side: Light
date: 2000-02-06
description: A hidden base deck trying to exploit the
 Tibrin/Kessel Run loop, much like
pre-errata Drazin.  Ill try to tune it
a bit more and post a better version
soon.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (umm... 1)

Hidden Base/SWSTYF (Starting)

Locations (10)

Rendezvous Point (Starting)
Hidden Base Indicator (Starting)
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yodas Hut
Dagobah: Swamp
Kessel
Kiffex
Ralltiir
Tibrin
Random decent battleground system
(Corulag)

Ships (15)

RLiR1
Red Squadron X-Wing x 3
GLiG1
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x 3
LiMF x 2
Spiral
Tantive IV
Corellian Corvette x 2
Redemption

Characters (9)

Ralltiir Freighter Captain x 3
Luke w/ butter knife x 2
Obi-Wan Kenobi x 2
TK-422
Boushh

Effects (11)

Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
WAYTTPOU?
TPTIFF
Eject! Eject!
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan (Starting, mostly)
Kessel Run x 2
POAS x 2

Interrupts (14)

It Could Be Worse
Organized Attack x 2
Out of Nowhere x 2
Rebel Barrier x 2
Transmission Terminated x 2
Grimtaash x 2
The Signal x 3 (Starting)


Strategy: 

To start off with, deploy Dagobah and the 2 sites
for some early activation.  You should try and get
reactor terminal out ASAP so that you can start
cycling through your deck without fear of Monnok.
Get whatever out to slow down your opponent.  You
should be able to get a small fleet out to Tibrin
and start re-using lost ships, Kessel Runs, TTs
and Lukes.  Also, start something (usually the
falcon) doing the Kessel Run.  Your opponent may
deploy Secret Plans, but I wouldnt worry about it because
you should generate enough force.  The Organized
Attacks are there to get ships early, you should
try and dump them all cheaply at the Rendezvous
Point to avoid Monnok.	The Redemption and Eject!
Eject! are looking to be replaced by another
Organized Attack and an X-Wing gun in version 1.2.
The main weakness seems to be Big Blue, so maybe I
need to add B-Wings and Intruder Missiles or
Docking and Repair Facilities or something.
Pretty basic HB really, just wait until you can
whittle away at your opponents fleet before you
flip so that you can hopefully lock him down,
retrieve your entire lost pile and put all your
starfighters in your used pile (but Ill settle
for just winning if that doesnt work).	On to
specifics!

Vs.  Ops

Battle plan and TPTIFF need to come out quickly.
Between 2 spies, 2 POAS, 1 ICBW and Kessel Run you
shouldnt lose too much force.  Flip late and
apply beats on ships as needed.

Vs.  Hunt Down

DEPLOY TIBRIN EARLY!  This is the key to beating
HDADTJ, you need it to get back any systems that
you lose, retrieve Transmission Terminated and
give you access to your lost pile (eg.	If you
lose TK-422 off the top, its almost like drawing
him).  Get Kessel Run set up, only cancel Visage
when they flip (it helps you if you get Tibrin set
up).

Vs. COTVG

Heres where you need the X-Wing gun : )  A spy
will stop the chamber-visage and you can take over
Tatooine to try and stop any occupations going on.
The major problem with this matchup is that they
may be playing Oota Goota Solo?, which can cancel
Kessel Run.  Minimise their drains, grapple Oota
Goota Solo? and get your Kessel Runs (or Run, if
you decide to play a more tuned version of this
deck) back.

Vs. TDIGWATT

This is harder.  Try and beat them up at the
system to get TPTIFF working (I really think I
should put that damn X-Wing gun in!) and Kessel
Run overtime.  Watch out for Tallon Roll (LiMF is
immune).

Vs.  ISB OPS

BATTLE PLAN!  Your best shot against them, TPTIFF
will work if they are on 1 planet, but dont count
on it.	Treat it like ops, 2 POAS, 2 Spies (how
ironic) but dont forget to apply beats with
Obi-Wan and Luke (them ghhking is irrelevant, all
that matters is that you are slowing them down).
As always, dont forget to Run!

Vs. Ralltiir Ops

You may be able to stop them from flipping (but
dont base your game plan around it).  Things get
ugly when it is flipped, but if you keep a rebel
barrier ready and can dispatch their ships you
should be fine.  They may also suffer from an
early force-choke, so you may be able to dump
Obi-Wan/Luke down and kill some guys.  If you can
out battle them, their drains will be small enough
for you to deal with.

Vs. Big Blue

Im not too sure about this one ...  Once again,
flip only when required (you may prefer to not
deploy Kessel and Kiffex if you can just pick them
up).  The reason that I built this deck is because
I think that this may be on the decline, with so
many good dark ECC and EJP characters running
round and 2 new objectives.  Multiple battle
destinies with Out Of Nowhere should help (dont
forget, RFCs add one to manoeuver, so a Y-Wing
with one piloting can use it).	Their ground
drains should be get-aroundable.  If you can get
some retrieval going, and a Mantellian Savrip
thats not cancelled, you should be fine.  Its
all about out-battling them.

Vs.  Anything Wierd

Use your brains.  This decks built to be
flexible.

Comments, criticisms, questions all welcome.

Luca Costanzo
tzizvvt@hotmail.com
