---
layout: archive
author: ! Sock "SockMan" Man
title: ! "AWP Wh0re"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-07
description: ! "If you haven’t played Counter-strike, get it now, and don’t play on my server, I’ll AWP yer a$$."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
Hoth.Mpg <-- Real porn clip
North Ridge
A New Secret Base
The Signal

Locations 6
Echo Docking Bay
Echo Corridor
Echo War Room
Dag Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah
Corulag

Starships 3
Home One
Lando in Falcon
Spiral

Characters 20
Jedi Luke x2
Luke w/ Saber
Obi w/ Saber x3
Han and Gun x2
Leia and Gun x2
Chewie w/ Gun
Lando w/ Vibro
Patch
Tawss Khaa
Col. Cracken
Lt. Blount
Figrin D’an
Oola x3

Weapons 2
Luke’s Saber
Anakin’s Saber

Effects 10
Frozen Assets
OTE
Wise Advice
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank
Ice Storm
Draw Their Fire
Anger Fear x3

Interrupts 15
Bith Shuffle
Out of Commission
Clash of Sabers
Skywalkers
On The Edge x2
Weapon Lev
Glancing Blow
Captive Fury
Barrier x2
Grimtaash x2
Signal x2 '

Strategy: '

*STRATEGY UPDATE* Someone pointed out that inserts are canceled so take out
Anger Fear x3
and put in
Planet its Farthest From
Ounee Ta
Disarmed


I think how this decks works is pretty obvious, but if not, here goes. Start with MPG and North Ridge with A New Secret Base and your opponent should be thinking ”Typical EBO, of course”. They can think whatever they want to think, but grab the War Room and one of the other echos first turn. Hold on to your stuff and wait for the opponent to give you something to do. Only things that you will do no matter what your opponent has done

1. Play Oola. Rape the opponent’s hand. If they decide to draw up? Used Grimtaash to keep it down, or take a chance with lost.

2. Grab locations. Or was that too obvious?

I think most of the ’huh?’ cards speak for themselves as they’ve been put into other decks before.

Final Notes
- Luke w/ Saber because I only have 2 Jedi Lukes.

- TIEs are not played in my area, if you’re worried about them, take out something and put in Battle Plan.

- Do not take out Ice Storm. Trust me.

- No matter how much you whine, I’m not gonna tell you where to get hoth.mpg ;)

Later dudes.   '