---
author: Eric "Brutus_9" Steinhauser
title: Profitable Odds
side: Light
date: 2000-02-05
description: Set up safe odds characters in the AC while you drain or pound away with an X-Wing swarm.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (6)
YCEPBT / OBD
Tat: Jabba's Palace
JP: Audience Chamber
Han (Jedi Pack)
The Signal
Uh Oh!

Locations (5)
Coruscant
Kessel	x2
Kiffex	x2

Characters (10)
8D8  x2
Artoo  x2
Boussh
Chadra-Fan  x2
Leesub Sirln
Wioslea  x2

Creatures (1)
Wortt

Starships (13)
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
X-wing	x10
X-wing Assault Squadron

Interrupts (12)
All Wings Report In  x2
Artoo, Come Back At Once!
Organized Attack  x2
Out Of Commission  x2
Out Of Nowhere
The Signal  x3
Transmission Terminated

Effects (13)
A Gift
Anger, Fear, Aggression
Bo Shuda
Never Tell Me The Odds	x3
Order To Engage
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Wise Advice
Yarna d'al' Gargan


Strategy: 

This is my version of the Profit-Odds deck that has been floating around for a little while.

Basically, you need to get Bo Shuda out ASAP to create a safe environment for your high destiny characters. Putting Worrt at the AC with OTE can
be just nasty. If they stay, they get hurt, if they leave, you retrieve.

vs. Ops:  A Gift-ed Artoo puts some serious hurt on their drain potential while you hit the opponent for odds damage.

vs. Hunt Down: This is a tough one to win against, but the odds should hit your opponent for some damage.  You must dominate and spread out in space for high drains.  TT for some visage protection, and dueling is a non-issue.

vs. DS Space: All you need to do is win the space battles using the foils and Organized Attack.  Pop in Anger, Fear, Aggression to force them to come and fight. Chances are you can hit the opponent for at least as much damage in a battle as AFA would.

vs. DS odds: Does anyone actually play that anymore?  Chances of that deck meeting this one have to be like 3720 to 1. (hehe)

vs. anything else: Just follow the basic odds and Xwing swarm strategy. This deck should be able to defeat most decks it runs up against, especially if the opponent is not packing any numbers protection (which seems to be the rule these days in my area).

Thanks for reviewing, any suggestions would be helpful! -- Brutus9
