---
layout: archive
author: ! Bryan "DMX" Prittie
title: ! "BHBM - Space SmackDown"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-21
description: ! "It seems all that LS plays these days is EBO and HB, time to beat them at their own game......"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'THIS DECK IS POST-JPSD

Objective (1)
Bring Hime Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place

Locations (6)
Death Star II Throne Room
Rendili
Spaceport Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star II Docking Bay
Kiffex

Characters (17)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus (da Machine)
Sim Aloo
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x3
Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Admiral Chireneau
Commander Merrejk
Commander Igar
Officer Evax
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Admiral Ozzel

Starships (8)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckus in Mist Hunter
Chimera
Dengar in Punishing One
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Executor
Avenger
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6

Admiral’s Orders (6)
Battle Deployment x2
We’re in Attack Position Now x2
Fighters Coming In x2

Effects (9)
Grabbler - There’ll Be Hell to Pay
Emperor’s Power
Mobilization Points (s)
Imperial Arrest Order (s)
You Cannot Hide Forever (s)
Search and Destroy
No Escape
Security Precautions
First Strike

Interrupts (9)
Trample
Projective Telepathy
Alter x3
Sense x3
Twi’Lek Advisor x2 '

Strategy: '

Take out a Trample for Prepared Defenses (doh)and a Twi’Lek for Jade’s Lightsaber

This deck is soooo fun to play.  I have not used it in tourny-play yet, but I’m sure one of these days I will.

Thank you Geoff Snider for the great idea with the AOs to track for destiny, that idea is HUGE.

When you start your normal stuff, people just think you’re playing the normal push-over BHBM....well they will be hurting later and realize how powerful your ”push-over” deck is.

I went to a local tourny today, and I noticed that ALMOST EVERY LS deck was space, it seems everyone was playing HBX, EBO, or QMC w/ X-wings.  I saw maybe 1 Profit deck.  Even I was playing HBX.  So what can the DS do about it?  There are several ways to conquer the LS (since it is so a$$) and 1 being beat them at their own game.  You can sense Organized Attack, and grab it, and then you can track your AOs for some Niiiiiice destiny (6s galore).  Search and Destroy is nice too, and your SAC can back it up.  Sim Aloo is very helpful when you are trying to win a lot of battles.

I got to see the new cards, thanx to Evan ’Lorax’ Fitzgerald (I saw them on Big-D, but seeing them for real is much cooler) and the LS objective isn’t broken.  This deck will surely smack it around with mega drains and S+D.  That’s why 3 CHOKE Vaders are in, for Elom protection.

This is just another reason on why LS is just so ASS.

Bryan ’DMX’ P  '