---
author: Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: Really Scary Tech(rst)
side: Light
date: 2000-12-15
description: close air support and big drain rst
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starters(7)
RST
endor
E:rebel landing site
HFTMF
strike planning
squardon assignments
insurrection

locations(4)
E:docking bay
E:hidden forest trail
E:back door
rendezvous point

characters(26)
corporal midge
corporal kensaric
general solo
ls,jk
epp obi x2
epp leia
COK x2
colonel cracken
general calrissian
tycho celchu
general crix madine
DOS
epp luke
ithorian x2
orrimarko
sergeant brooks carlson
wuta
lt. blount
figrin D’an
wedge antilles, RSL
nien numb
corporal beezer
lt. page(my favorite character in sw)

starships(8)
tala 1
tala 2
green squad 3
gold squad 1
red squad 1
liberty
spiral
tantive IV

interrupts(8)
noble sacrafice
life debt
the signal x2
insertion planning x3
dark approach

effects(5)
close air support
bacta tank
goo nee tay
solomahal
all my urchins

device’s(1)
electrobinoculars

admirals order(1)
i’ll take the leader

for a grand total of 60


Strategy: 

strike planning:to get my generals out and to take away their activation at endor

insurrection:to give me forfeight +2, pull my bay, and stop unwanted visators with herlot

E:docking bay:great with i’ll take the leader and can get some of my unneeded force off the moon of endor

rendezvous point:to deploy for cheap and move to endor for beans

corporal midge:adds 1 to drain at every site i have a scout of ability >2(have 5 and can make 1 with solomahal)

corporal kensaric:adds 2 to deploy cost when with a scout

general solo:ability>2 scout that i can pull. can cancel a destiny just drawn by opponent

ls,jk:>2 scout that packs a punch.  great against hunt down and BHBM(hahaha, i laugh at whoever plays BHBM)

epp obi:great warrior and jedi knight, helps against hunt down

epp leia:adds a destiny with han, good permanent weapon
COK:first scout pull, great power.  noble sacrafice him when vader is deployed though for a retrieval of 9(and vader cept lord that is)

colonel cracken, lt. blount&tala 1 &2:add 1 destiny to total power and battle destiny with close air support

general calrisian:great in space, pullable, superfalcon here we come

GENERAL CRIX...madine(lol matt and alex, sorry, inside joke):key to rst, never forfeit him unless you must.  pull him during opponents first turn, he gets all your scouts out.

DOS:>2 scout, awesome power and ability.

epp luke:awesome main, put solomahal on him and he is sweet in this deck

ithorian:essentially add one to drain at a endor site

orrimarko:>2 scout, great power, sbility, and skill; if just won a battle where imperial present opponent loses 2 force

wuta:pullable with COK, gets yur sites out, forfeit him after all your sites are out

figrin D’an:not key to this deck, but a nice retrieval of 1 per turn addition

nien numb:adds a destiny when with gen. cal

corporal beezer:prevents opponent from reacting to or from site, can deploy a device to same site

liberty:deploys for 6 to R point, if forfeited goes to used pile,SWEET!!!!!

spiral&tantive:deploy 3 to R point, good mid-size cap

noble sacrafice:retriave 9 when you place COK out of play when the deploy a vader of power 6

insertion planning:destiny 6, but more importantly can get rid of attrician against you

life debt:give an early beatdown cause you can pull chewie and han, or if you didnt get it early pull falcon and reveal it for nien numb and deploy those 2 and gen. cal

the signal:pull my effects

dark approach:drop lords(or anyones) immunity so i can get rid of him once and for all

goo nee tay:slow ’em down with high deploy

bacta tank:minimize your losses

all my urchins:another card you could take out, but i like it cause no one see’s an all my urchins comin’ and you could protect a weak site with it

close air support:get many destinies

electrobinoculars:check yur destiny, or do what i like to do when i have nothing else to spend my force on, look at your top card during your draw phase, if you need it draw, if not keep lookin and pickin up essentials you can normally pull

i’ll take the leader:gives my starfighters extra immunity, adds one to my drains at E:bay, lets me drop my downed starfighters to the bay(and the pilots to the tank), altogether great card for any rst.

solomahal:if you guys have been wondering what this is it is an effect from a new hope that gives a character scout skill and lets him react, especially good for this deck.

lt. page:>2 scout, -1 deploy other scout to same site

cards you could take out for ones you need:
figrin d’an
all my urchins
1 COK
1 insertion planning

STRATEGY
the basic strategy in this deck is to gain control of all your endor sites with a firm force and a scout of ability >2 and at the same time set up a garrison at the endor system.  but braking that up i would do it like this
TURN 1:on opponents turn pull madine and either solo or cal, i usually take solo cause i need ground more than space.  on you turn, drop madine to the landing site, and take your scout from deck. if you activated 6, make it COK with madine, if by some odd chance you got 9 drop solo with them to make sure they dont suprise you with a lord and somthin else or somthin crazy like that.  also pull your bay.
AFTER TURN 1:by turn 2-4 and just by looking at his starting stuff you should see clearly what he is trying to do, keep your force on land and in space concentrated so he doesnt give you and unexpected beatdown.  if you keep concentrated he will stick to his plan and wont dream of coming to endor with close air and a jedi luke or COK and solo.  anywase, back to your plan.	on turn 2, drop wuta with cok, and pull another site.  for the second scout, if you have some space in your hand, or an i’ll take the leader take cracken to start settin up close air, if not, take beezer or midge or kensaric, if beezer, take the electrobinoculars so you can initiate a battle at a smart time, or if midge, make sure solo and wuta arnt at the same site so you get your drain bonus’ set up for when you flip, and if kensaric deploy him to madines site with wuta and move the rest away.	next turn pull another site, drop one of the scouts and a main you should have gotton by now(preferably a scout of >2) and you may have an obj. flip by this turn, if not, make sure you get it next turn.  continue like this keeping your sites balanced, and if they come down, move a few scouts over so you dont get your but kicked, but stay blanced, cause they will not be able to sustain your drains.  i think the maximum drain in this deck is only 13, but the normal drain is 10(considering you control all you 4 sites with a scout of ability >2 and you system which is ver very plausable).

MATCHUPS
BHBM:HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!(im sorry if i offended anyone who plays it, but just hand them jedi and let them try to win a battle).

HUNT DOWN:popular in my area, great deck, difficult to beat.  they are not to stron in space, most only play rendili, so dont worry about imperial decree, you could also trygiving them a beatdown in space(that sounds funny with a rst i know, but hey, it could happen).  get a jedi out fast and keep ’em protected so if they want to duel they pay the after affects of the army the just ran into.  make them lose key cards with fast draining.

ROPS: sorry, cant be of much help here cause no one, i mean no one plays it by me.  but stick to your strategy and out drain him.

Court of the pathetic gangster/i shall not enjoy watching myself lose:let them have tatoonie unless they play tattonie system, the mabey try to close air support them, but not the best idea.	they spend so much time setting up defense and protecting tatoonie that they have nothin to come at you with, so dont go so heavy on the scouts.  but never, i mean never leave a starfighter alone cause they can deploy one from deck and might have one in hand and you will be toast cause the bounty hunter ones add destinies.

MKOS:dont know much about this either cause the only time i played against it was in jpsd tourny.  but i do know they have heavy drains, so outdrain them, and mabey drop epp’s to pay them a visit.  also generally weak in space, so try to give them a beat.

SYCFA:too powerful at their systems, stcik everything you got at endor system, take theri bays with your epp’s so they can get adequete activation, and drain the heck out of them.  dont let them pull an all power to weapons.

Endor ops:most endor ops are space, let them have the system cept’ endor, make sure they cant get sites for ominous so their drains are meager.  other than that, you will beat them up on endor and out drain them.

other than that here are some other points to the deck.
i didnt play sac protection cause there wasnt to much i was worried of losing and i was tight for space.  i didnt play honor cause they either no escape it, or i take visage out with a spy.  any questions d-mail me.
	   spirajira




