---
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: Profit from the Sunshine
side: Light
date: 2000-05-16
description: A profit deck with beatdown and major retieval capability.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:

Profit
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Han Solo
The Signal
Wise Advice (6)

Locations:

Tatooine: Obi Wan's Hut
Tatooine: Tosche's Station
Tatooine: Judland Wastes
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
<> Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine
Alderaan (8)

Weapons:

Obi Wan's Lightsabre
Anakin's Lightsabre (2)

Starships:

Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1 (5)

Effects:

Tatooine Celebration
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Insurrection
A Gift
2 x Our Most Desperate Hour
2 x What're They Tryin' To Push On Us? (10)

Interrupts:

5 x It Could Be Worse
I Know
Skywalkers
Gift Of The Mentor
Alter
Courage of a Skywalker
Life Debt
Transmission Terminated (12)

Characters:

Master Luke
Luke With Lightsabre
Ben Kenobi (Foil)
Obi-Wan with Lightsabre
Leia with Blaster Rifle
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca
Tawss Khaa
Orimaarko
Boshek
Lando with Blaster Rifle
Harc Seff (The Man!)
Wedge Antilles
Melas
Lt. Page
Romas 'Lock' Navander
Artoo (17) 

Strategy: 

Right from the start, I believe at least one person will have a go at me for my choice of Han.
They are the only ones I have, and they do work!
This deck has gone 7-0 in games, and has beaten ralops, court, HD, etc
With this deck, you should be able to free Han whenever you want to. There is enough power to storm into JP and muller anyone who happens to be there.
I personally like to wait until I have some force to retrieve.
Once Han is rescued, you can deploy the Falcon landed, replace Orig han with the Captain, and send him into space.
Have your other Characters spread out (but not too much) on tatooine for draining and profit text. Alternitively, just go and give the opponent some big beats. the Spaceport D Bay is there if you want to go to somewhere like ralltir, just plop down your DB on their planet.
Deploy all your ships to tatooine, to guard the celebration. Only serious space decks should give you problems.
Han and someone in the falcon can make OMDH runs for big retrieval. ICBW for nasty damage, and the battle interrupts speak for themselves, you just need the right pair of mains. Grab anything like fear, even though it's lost, so they have to pay for it. Grab S Crew, S4ense, alter, anything like that.



VS Court

They will start something like a combination of Mara, Jabba and Boba if they're not silly, so you will have to go in with all sticks swinging.
You want to do this early, before they consolidate their power or feed Han to something.
Once he is free, you should be able to overpower their characters with yours,and profit damage should start hitting them badly. Commence OMDH runs, with or without han, plus celebration once you have a grip on the ground.

VS HD

Transmission Terminated is there for visage, and with this deck you can easily get it back. Flip quickly, so they are forced to come fight you on tatooine. Get your mains in pairs for battle interrupts, and get retrieving. There is duel protection in he form of COAS and Ben kenobi, so don't worry. Battling may or may not be neccessary, depending on what planet they're using.

VS ISB

With your power, you should muller any Agents that come near you. If they start to be annoying, go after them and take romas with you if they've got walkers and/or speeder bikes (that goes for anything).
Retrieve well and you should have no problems.

VS Numbers

Trust me, they will run out of numbers before you run out of retrieval. Use some of your destiny 2 characters like Tawss and Melas so the loss isn't quite as bad, ICBW the damage, or simply retreive it later. If they're dumb enough to play numbers without droids, go and muller the @#$% out of them.

VS Ralops

This was the strategy I had in mind when I built this. Unless you can afford it, don't go there. Drain, use Profit text, and make them come to you. Retrieve as normal, and if you control ralltir system, you only need to control one more
Site to flip back.

Thanks for reading. Enjoy and Have fun using it :o) 