---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Bulls on Parade   Final"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-23
description: ! "This deck uses SAC and stuff to try to catch the opponent offguard."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start  ( 2 )
Tatooine
Combat Readiness

Add'l Locations  ( 7 )
Tatooine  Jabba's Palace
JP  AC
JP  RP
JP  Dungeon
Coruscant
Death Star
Imperial Holotable

Characters  ( 16 )
Old Vader x2
EPP Vader
Choke Vader
GM Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Jabba the Hutt
Boelo
Dr. Evazan
4-LOM w/Pimp
IG-88 w/ Gun
EJP Dengar
Lt. Pol Treidum
U-3PO

Green  ( 2 )
Jade's Stick
Vader's Stick

Blue  ( 4 )
Fett in Slave 1
Bus
Vader's Shuttle
Zuck in Hunter

Effects  ( 7 )
Secret Plans
Battle Order
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Lateral Damage
Search and Destroy

Interrupts  ( 22 )
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x3
Alter x4
Twi'lek
Elis x2
Torture x2
You Are Beaten
Weapon Levitation
Sense x5
Hutt Smooch '

Strategy: '

New stuff 
Search and Destroy - For against HB
Lateral Damage - For against HB
U-3PO - Undercover Spy
Treidum - Undercover Spy
Hutt Smooch - Undercover spy

I think that is all the new stuff. Now old stuff.
how to play versus top decks 

Ops - Try to get Battle Order up quickly and try to ransack them with First Strike and Mains. Zuck and Fett can hold a Battleground system. Oh yeah I do have that extensive Monnok package which will probably be a super pain on them ( remember  First turn I'll have at least 6 generation , get AC , get high ability alien , Alter , then second turn I'll have at least 8 force for Monnok ) so Ops shouldn't be a problem unless Alters are no where to be found.

Profit - the Tatooine and JP Conversion will probably start to choke them while you'll spit out your locations very quickly. Looking at it now the two aliens I'd probably start would be Boelo and Jade. Monnok will work over their hand size and if they have doubles and are interrupt heavy as many Profit decks are you'll grapple and Alter them around a bit. Secret Plans will hopefully be up when they finally try to free Han.

HB - Security Precautions , Lateral Damage , Search and Destroy , loads of force generation , nasty starfighters , leave a decent amount of guys on the ground but try to have a good amount of space power.

MWYHL - Secret Plans to stop Asteroid Sanctuary or similar junk. I haven't seen much MWYHL lately but it shouldn't be too much of a problem.

That's it for now.
'