---
author: Robert "Djas Phur" Waygood
title: Final - Look sir, Droids! ver 3.0
side: Dark
date: 2000-02-18
description: This is an ISB/IAO drain deck using Probe Droids & Docking Bays.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting Cards: 4
ISB Operations / Empire's Sinister Agents
Coruscant
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations: 10
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Cloud City: Incinerator
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Endor
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Yavin 4: Docking Bay

Characters: 28
5D6-RA-7 (Fivedesix)
Bane Malar
Boba Fett
Brangus Glee
Captain Piett
Colonel Wullf Yularen
Commander Brandei
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Djas Puhr
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
General Tagge
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
Lt. Pol Treidum
Myo
Navy Trooper Vesden
Niado Duegad
Officer Evax
Outer Rim Scout
Probe Droid  x6
Prophetess

Starships: 7
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
IG-88 in IG-2000
Stalker
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts: 6
Abyssin Ornament
Ghhhk  x3
Imperial Barrier
Limited Resources

Effects: 5
A Bright Center To The Universe
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans 

Strategy: 

I always start with IAO because it gives 8 of my characters +2 forfeit, restricts Nabrun Leids and allows me to get one of my 7 docking bays from my reserve deck each turn. MWYHL is not big in my area hence the lack of Broken Concentration, as is Hidden Base so I neglected to include Security Precautions.
Against Operatives 5D6 and ABC2 should negate their drains and just stick to the draining and the game should be in the bag.
The higher ability characters are there so I can have a destiny draw at my locations and the Bounty Hunter Ships are self explanatory. I would put in Vader, Tarkin, Mara etc. if I had them but&#8230;
I try to get Piett on Stalker at the Endor system so I can look for Probe Droids and deploy them for free to the Endor Docking Bay and then move them around to where I want them (all for free cause I'll most probably have an Imperial there). Basically force drain them to death and remember to retrieve an agent with the flipped Objective. Also remember to retrieve a droid with the CC: Incinerator game text, that's what it's there for.
The other cards should explain themselves. Anyway hopefully this'll be my last version of this deck.
