---
layout: archive
author: ! Derek "Datasta" Halpern
title: ! "The World Is Not Enough"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-25
description: ! "Finally. A new and original deck.This deck is awesome check this deck out there really wont be much of a strategy but just check it anyway because of updates."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hunt down and destroy the jedi

Locations (8)
Ex. Holotheatre
Ex Med Chamber
Wakeelmui
Coruscant
Sullust
Death Star x2

Interrupts (17)
MasterFul Move x2
Ghhk
Twilek Advisor x3
Prepared Defenses
All power to weapnons x4
Short range fighters x2
Imperial barrier x2
SHUSHD
Force Lightning

Effects (13)
Hell2Pay x3
Oppresive Enforcement
visage
3270 to 1 x4
Secret plans
sienar fleet systems
mobilization points
reactor terminal

Characters (11)
Darth Vader with saber x5
Emperor x3
Tech Mor x3

Ships (11)
Dreadnaught x3
Tie Interceptor x8

Now onto the strategy
'

Strategy: '

******UPDATE*************
Alright first things first i hate my life. I thought of this cool deck and go to post it just to find out someone already posted it I HATE IT when that happens. I am almost positive I was the first I dmailed Dawi a while ago so if everyone doesnt believe me I know for my self that I was the first so dont rate me for unoriginality even though Hunt For Numbers and my deck is significanlty different.



Check this out

I know people think numbers is dead but that is the point. Ok against a hunt down deck most people will discard YOur insight serves you well for HOnor of the Jedi (MIstake).
Now they think they did a good move. Alright now they got rid of their numbers defense and i am playing numbers. IT IS AWESOME HEHE.

THis deck is awesome and basicly is self explanatory against every deck. Set emperor up at the holo theatre  and tech mor and use Force Ligthing to get rid of the pesky spy intruders. If they get you ok you have a ghhk that you  use wisely.

Enjoy and this is the first deck like this on decktech I THINK. '