---
layout: archive
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! "Palpatine s Pleasure"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-20
description: ! "Finally...the Great One submits something other than an Endor Ops deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Palpatine's Pleasure.deck - Fri Jul 21 013359 2000


Unknown Type
       Death Star
       Alderaan
       Coruscant
       Rendili
       Coruscant Docking Bay
       Dagobah Cave
       Death Star Docking Bay 327
       Death Star War Room
       Executor Docking Bay
       Hoth Wampa Cave

Characters (21)
       Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
       4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
       Admiral Ozzel
       Captain Godhert
       Captain Sarkli
       Colonel Jendon
       Commander Desanne
       Commander Igar
       Darth Vader With Lightsaber
       DS-61-2
       DS-61-3
     2 Grand Moff Tarkin
       Janus Greejatus
       Lieutenant Cabbel
     2 Lord Vader
       Officer Evax
       Sim Aloo
     2 Emperor Palatine

Vehicles (3)
       Blizzard 2
       Dune Walker
       Tempest 1

Starships (9)
       Avenger
       Bossk In Hound's Tooth
       Chimaera
       Devastator
       Dominator
       Boba Fett In Slave I
       Emperor's Personal Shuttle
       Vader's Personal Shuttle
       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (3)
       Prepared Defenses
     2 Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (11)
       Battle Order
       Come Here You Big Coward
       Imperial Arrest Order
       Mobilization Points
       Oppressive Enforcement
       Resistance
       Security Precautions
     2 There'll Be Hell To Pay
     2 Lateral Damage

Weapons (2)
       Mara Jade's Lightsaber
       Vader's Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Alright. Yes..it's the third high-quality deck I've posted in 3 days (See Enter Sandman and Blow Shit Up 1.0). The point of THIS one is to activate up quickly and beat the opponent down early while you take and keep control of some good draining locations...this is beats with da quickness. Here's how the start works

1)SYCFA gives you 5 and Opponent 2.
2)Starting Effects=IAO,Mobilization Points, and another effect of your choice.
3)1st turn you use SYCFA to pull D* War Room, toss a drawn scrub in hand to D* DB, use IAO to pull coruscant DB, use Mob Points to pull Rendili
(you could vary this up with exec doc bay if you wanted, but I do this for a BG system and it gives me another character in hand) and if you want a scrub to coruscant DB (course he can be beatdown there unlike D* DB).

This set-up is more card efficient than Docking Bay control room (you still have to control it to use it's text...so the scrub going there goes to D* DB and activates +2 which is same as pulling 2 DB's). Second turn you will be activating a MINIMUM of 12 force and giving away *3*.


Now, I'll give you a run down of new D*II techy stuff you may not know.

Captain Godhert-Cancels Claw.

Captain Sarkli-Flips Ops, while he
	       occupies opponents Non-BG
	       location they gen nothing
	       there.

Colonel Jendon-Adds 3 to anything, D-2 F-4

Janus Greejatus-Adds 1 to drain with Emp, draws
		des by himself, and has ishi tib
		text.

Lord Vader-Seem's weaker till some pissy Dagobah
	   deck tries to slap some UFury up on you
	   tracked 5's don't take him out and with
	   his saber he can hit with your low
	   destiny.

Sim Aloo-Another destiny drawer, he can peek at
	 top of reserve and replace or move to
	 bottom. Him and Janus both have great
	 forfeit and deploy -alot with Emp.



I know the deck is missing some key effects...but ya gotta understand I'll be raping their characters like second turn on. Pray that the opponent thinks retrieval is dead with that wimpy D*II efect I need to work in. The onslaught won't stop. When you build for speed you have to sacrifice some things...





'