---
layout: archive
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "The Wierdest Huntdown you’ve ever seen"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-27
description: ! "Uses HDADTJ for some damage w/out dueling or battling. (on the ground, that is.)"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting7
HDADTJ
Ex Meditation Chamber
Ex Holotheater
Visage of the Emperor
Prepared Defences
No Escape
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

Characters13
Vader w/Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade, TEH x2
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chireneau x2
Commander Merrejk x2
Commander Gherant x2
Captain Godherdt
Colonel David Jon

Starships11
Flagship Executor
Chimeara
Conquest
Judicator
Thunderflare
Visage
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
IG-88 in IG-2000
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Weapons3
Mara’s Lightsaber
Intruder Missle x2

Admirals Orders1
Were in attack position now

Effects9
Imperial Decree
Kuat Drive Yards x2
Return To Base
Flagship Operations x2
Pride of the empire x2
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts5
Imperial Command x2
Twi’lek Advisor x3

Locations11
Ex Comm Station
Ex Control Station
Ex Docking Bay
Ex Main Corridor
Spacport Prefects Office
Kuat
Kiffex
Yavin 4
Hoth
Fondor
Mon Calamari '

Strategy: '

First Turn use Mob. Points to get out Kuat. If you got Kuat in your starting hand, then wait till you have enough force and get the Executor. Draw heavily in you first two or three turns to find Reactor Terminal, Vader, and the Prefects Office. As soon as you flip the Objective get Vader aboard a Star Destroyer ASAP. I used HDADTJ w/Visage of the Emperor for some damage right of the bat , that will be tough to stop. I know a revolution deck could be a problem for this deck, but nobody in my area plays that type of deck. David Jon, Mara and Vader are your ground forces and together are Fifteen power+battle destiny, and seperatly are 5 power(Jon) w/immunity to less then three, 4 Power (Mara)w/immunity to less then 4, and 6 Power in Vader. Gherant and Merrejk will let you get out your systems for Chireneau’s drains, and sites for Fl. Ops and Indestructable Executor. Intruder Missles will help get rid of other ships, but are in the deck solely for tracking destiny. Imp. Decree is for use with Hoth and Yavin 4. Return to base helps with lost starships. SSPFT will slow them down. Pride is in for more lost force for the lightside. KDY+WIAPN gives your SDs immunity to attrition less then six. Sweet The deck should be running smoothly by your fifth turn at the latest, unless the card gods are having fun putting Reactor Terminal at the bottom of your deck. With Chireneau at Yavin 4 and the rest of your systems down you can drain for up to 9 force a turn. If they go to space, overpower ’em with a combination of stuff. If they use Combined fleet Action you have an AO of your own to cancel it with and a combo of Capital and starfighter that shouln’t leave you all that weak. Keep Godherdt in your hand until they play a claw or you need more power. I’ve done this and it’s REAALLLYY fun to cancel their Lando in Falcon that just clawed your Executor, Deploy a Slave I  and watch them writhe in agony as you draw a intruder you have tracked and hand them a force loss of over 20. I’m not saying this deck is all that good, but I think if it is played correctly it could do alright. Thanks for reading this and don’t give me a bad rating unless I really deserve it. Please point out any weaknesses you find so that I can make an even better version. Also, please d-mail your friends and get them to rate this deck too. I’d really appriceate it. Thanks again and good luck.	 '