---
layout: archive
author: ! Luca "Luca/Tzizvvt" Costanzo
title: ! "Tunnel Manip"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-13
description: ! "A bit of manipulation with Tunnel Visions.  Please read thoroughly and if you don't get it message me before reviewing."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

Locations (9)
Rendezvous Point
Marker
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Endor
Tatooine
Tatooine Docking Bay
Alderaan
Dagobah Yoda's Hut

Weapons (2)

Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Luke's Lightsaber

Characters (17)

Harc Seff
Melas
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Leesub Sirln
Shasa Tiel
General Calrissian
Oola
Leia with Gun
Nien Nunb
Lieutenant Blount
2 Ben Kenobi
2 Han with Gun
3 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

Ships (4)

Spiral
Red Squadron 1
Home One
Gold Squadron 1

Effects (16)

Squadron Assignments
Honor Of The Jedi
Battle Plan
Bacta Tank
Our Most Desperate Hour
Order To Engage
Disarmed
Traffic Control
Wise Advice
2 Stone Pile
2 What Are You Trying To Push On Us?
Staging Areas
Strike Planning
Insurrection

Interrupts (11)

Effective Repairs
Grimtaash
Weapon Levitation
4 Tunnel Vision
3 The Signal
Heading For That Medical Frigate


'

Strategy: '

Start with Staging Areas, Strike Planning, Insurrection and the Hidden Base stuff.	On your first turn pull General Lando (before you activate), endor and a 1/0 docking bay.  From then on, you have to play it by ear.  Tunnel Vision for the Hut if you activate it and Signal for Wise Advice early.  When you want your tunnel visions back, get OMDH.  Only Effective Repairs your OMDH when you can OMDH next turn to get back the repairs.	Don't worry if your opponent has got the effect that places OMDH out of play- one OMDH is still good.	Basically, between Tunnel Visions and Signal you can grab whatever you need.  Stone Piles, btw, rule.  They can really be very effective- take this as an example.  Your opponent has 14 cards in hand.  You tunnel for grimtaash, grimtaash and then oola him down to 5.  You then Leesub away an effect.  Your opponent now has, say, Mara, Dengar in Ship, 4-LOM and an Alter left.	It's well worth playing your stone pile now.	To play this deck, you need to have a good idea of where everything is.  Take note of what is in piles when you search your reserve deck, force pile and used pile (weapon lev is cool) and when you retrieve.	Basically, try to remain in control at all times.

VS Raltiir Ops

Start with Squadron Assignments instead of Mobilization points.  First turn falcon really hampers their flip.  If they deploy their docking bay punish them with Ben loose on Ralltiir.  Avoid the desert and follow them around with OTE.  Harc can keep you up to speed on the drain race.  Oola/Shasa can be good late game.  Play it smart and you should win.

VS. ISB

Get the not-as-super-falcon to coruscant with blount.  Chuck nien nunb and whoever else on it to keep it there.  Grab Alter and SHUOSHD.  Oola/Shasa your way to victory when ready.  If ISB ops is popular, you may want to add a Punch It (I'm seriously thinking of taking out something like an EPP Han for it).

VS. Hunt Down

Be VERY careful with this one.	The idea is that you kill darth and then use Oola to stop another one coming.  Probably start Squadron Assignments here too, so that you can get falcon out first turn and then signal for Honor.  Oola/Leesub/Stone Piles/Shasa will be able to tell you if they have duel cards, once you get rid of them go sick and kill people.

VS. BHBM

Set up as normal.  Tunnel for Blount then use him + Luke to kill the Emperor (late game).  Group your guys to avoid losing fights and use your manip to the fullest.

VS. Ops

Play Battle Plan/OTE to the win.

VS. Manip

Tunnel your way into Blount/guy with gun and use them to kill Miyoom.  There are only so many places where she can go.	Get out Oola/Shasa and out-manipulate them -)

VS. COTVG

Who's playing this?  Signal for Honor.  Wait for them to commit some guys then deploy ben and crew.  Disarm 4-LOM and Lev Mara's stick, then slice up everyone else like a hot knife through butter.	Be wary of the bounty hunter ships from reserve, though.

In conclusion, this deck is solid and wins by being able to handle almost anything.  You should be able to tweak it to your meta.

Have fun,
Luca

"These pretzels ... are makin' me thirsty"
-You all know'