---
author: Bryan "DMX" Prittie
title: Tatooine Mains ain't Dead - LS Beatdown
side: Light
date: 2000-09-02
description: Hah....and you thought Tatooine for LS was weak.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective--->(1)

Strategy: 

Drop a Sense for Tatooine Celebration, damn I'm stupid and Orrimaarko for Order to Engage, I'm a Braniac, no, I'm a dumbass, I counted wrong, there's only 59 cards in there, I Know should be the 60th

It's a ROPs, Tatooine, BHBM, and Endor Ops killer.  Eloms are still very powerful.  Tatooine isn't dead for LS, this deck is still very strong and undefeated for me in playtesting.	It manhandles ROPs.  What I like about the deck is it's superior activation.  HB pulls put your much needed systems while Insurrection pulls out the DBays, from there you can track your sites into your force pile and draw them without a problem usually.

I mainly made this deck to counter the ever popular Tatooine/JP start w/ Combat Readiness.  With your Admiral's Order out, your characters will be hitting guys left & right and when you have Jedi Luke immune to attrition less than 8 [I think, when he's by himself and armed with a saber] and Ben of immunity less than 6, they will last longer.  I only have 1 Tatooine Celebration, because of certain popular decks, you commit your forces elsewhere.

These are the deck styles to commit to Tatooine:
*Court - Auto-Win.  Beatdown + celebration = bye-bye.
*Tat/JP - Auto-Win.  Read above, same deal.  Characters die off quickly when you get 2 destiny for saber draws at +1 each, you'd be surprised [sarcasm].
*Imp. Occupation - Cuz you got no way of 'getting back to base once you commit there', another words, once you're on Yavin, you're stuck.  Let your drains and retrieval give you the edge.  Grab Imperial Command.
*BHBM - Do your own thing.  Let him take Luke, big deal.  If Palpy for some reason hits a battleground, beat him up [they never expect Eloms] and once Palpy is gone, they're @#$%ed.	Only a few BHBM decks play 2 PALPYs.  Use Ben to swing at Vader to get Luke back.

Decks TO commit to:
*ROPs - Well, start on Tatooine (where else could Ben go) and Transit him over.  Eloms can deploy right to there.  Rebels, unless you got enough, might want to transit over as well, it can get pricey.  Order to Engage will hurt them, constantly flip em' back.  Svrip helps you out in space vs. the BH ships. You should win this.
*Endor Ops - They start the DBay so you're in luck.  Transit over Ben and the rest can go straight to there.  Rumors are not hard to beat.  I played a Rumors deck at GenCon [when I used Matt Lush's deck], couldn't get to the Bunker, and still beat em'.  By 21.  Get your sites into hand for forfeit/force drain fodder, floatin 0s are never useful [unless playing Hunt Down and you need to use your SAC...hehe].

But if you do annihilate them and you know they are cooked, you can try to transit back to Tatooine to drain or do more damage, just be smart and careful.

Imperial Command is a popular card these days, grab it if they play it ASAP

Cards I would like to add: