---
layout: archive
author: ! Evan "fizz247" Clemens
title: ! "TDIGWATT  Manipulation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-13
description: ! "With people reeling at the release of ECC and EJP, and foil cards hitting the table left and right with Reflections, there comes the longest accronym in the game..."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

' denotes starting

Objective (1)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time

Locations (7)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Cloud City Security Tower
Cloud City Dining Room
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Port Town District

Characters (15)
Darth Vader
DLOTS
EPP Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
EPP Fett
Brangus Glee
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
Jabba
Lando Calrissian
Mosep
Zuckuss

Starships (9)
Boba Fett In Slave I
DIPO
Bossk in Bus
Death Squad Star Destroyer x2
Obsidian Squad TIE x2
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2

Interupts (23)
Any Methods Necessary
Masterful Move
Torture
Set For Stun
Imperial Barrier
Shocking Revalation
Alter
Sense x2
Monnok x3
A Dangerous Time x4
Scanning Crew x7

Effects (5)
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Dark Deal
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
'

Strategy: '

Edit  Please someone reveiw my deck for what it is worth, and say something worthwhile... saying it is balenced and giving it a 3 doesnt make any sense at all.  There are two Boba's for flexibility and in case one dies, and EPP Fett tends to rather quickly.

Ok, manip is sometimes difficult to play, but this shouldnt give you too much trouble.	Basically, the drains with Dark Deal give the urgency that your opponent needs to deploy, but cant.  You should be able to set up quick, with two sites to start with, Lando via the prison, Boba and his ship, and the relatively cheap characters and quick force generation.  Phsyc impacts are devistating too, and can cause your opponent to make mistakes, or be paranoid.  You should be strong enough in space to hold your own, as long as you avoid a beat and keep draining.  Ops could give some trouble, but if you establish your drains, you will be in a better prosition to hinder his, and take advantage of Battle Order.  This deck attemps to strike that precarious ballence between drain and battle, ground and space, damage and defense.  The deck is currently in a very flexible state, and should definately be meta-ed.	I dont think EJP effects this too much, b/c the lightside gets the shaft again.  I dont use any of the EJPs because im looking for destiny draws and cheap deploy, and zuckess belongs on the ground.  Mara Jade could be made to fit in here, your choice...  maybe ditch stick vader and a reactor terminal...  Either way, this deck is pretty damn solid.  '