---
layout: archive
author: ! Travis "Com Igar" Rumans
title: ! "Free Bespin v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-20
description: ! "The underrated Quiet Mining Colony deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation
Bespin
Bespin North Corridor
The Signal
Battle Plan

Locations (4)
Cloud City Bowntown Plaza
Cloud City Core Tunnel
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Bespin Cloud City

Effects (6)
Ultimatum
Cloud City Celebrationx2
Uncontrollable Fury
Lightsaber Proficiency
Goo Nee Tay

Interrupts (10)
Slight Weapons Malfunction
Skywalkers
The Signal
Fall of the Legendx2 (easy to track 6)
Path of Least Resistancex3
I Knowx2

Weapons (2)
Obi's Saber
Anakin's Saber

Ships (9)
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral
Red Leader in Red 1
Millennium Falcon
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighterx4
Medium Bulk Freighter

Characters (24)
General Solox2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Daughter of Skywalker
Obi-Wan Kenobix2
Chewbacca
Son of Skywalker
Pucumir Thryss
BoShek
H'nemthex3
R2-D2
Melas
Lando With Blaster Pistolx2
Pucumir Thryssx2
Master Luke
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Sergeant Edian
Commander Wedge Antilles
Orrimaarko
Incom Engineer
'

Strategy: '

	Damn Wong side of the Force. I was going to post another deck but I couldn't
find it, and I forgot to hit the back arrows. Well, it was an honest mistake.
		Gotta keep active, though I can't post an entirely
new deck until my cards are sorted (I'm going for Profit, maybe with
Tat Celebration. Any suggsstions?) The least I can do is post a REAL deck,
if not an entirely new one.
	The strategy's pretty straightforward set up the big drains on
Cloud City and use CC Celebration to retrieve. Battle Plan hurts most
DS speed drain strategies, so it's pretty easy to win the drain race,
especially since your drains can't be modified or canceled. Typically,
this deck has a few big confrontations with the enemy in which both decks
get chewed up, but CC Celebration eventually get it back into position.
	Now for specific deck types

vs. ISB
	There's so many ISB variants, I'm reluctant to put it under a single
category. Still, IAO ISB is the most popular variant in the metagame.
They can't modify or cancel your drains, so you'll be able to keep pace
with them in a drain race, but most ISB decks have a hard time with
Battle Plan, so you'll have an edge. If you expect to do any damage in
a battle, pack the Forfeit=0 weapons; although it's not hard to get more
power than IAO ISB, doing any battle damage is hard because their forfeit is so
high.
	Some ISB decks are foolhardy enough to attack Bespin. The Mains and the Path
should keep them off. If you really want some smackdown, track Fall of the Legend.
	ISB was the most popular deck when I first made this deck, and typically
keeping your drains from being modified or canceled is a game winning
edge.

vs. Dark Deal
	You probably won't flip, but you won't have to. With the mains (especially Lando)
and the Path, you can hammer any attempt to set up Dark Deal quickly. The H'nemthes
are useful, too. A lot of these decks juse Obsidian 1 and 2 and maybe some EBH ships,
so the Z-95s and Leaders will win the space battl, and Melas and BoShek even things
if Zuckuss shows up.
	It's not too hard for your to cancel Dark Deal, and easier still to cancel CC Occ.
Battle is a necessity, because your drains won't be big unless you somehow manage to flip.

vs. TIEs
	The independent starships are immune to Tallon Roll, so you can actually hold Bespin.
A few big drains on the city should really hurt the TIE, especially since they can't use
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet.
	Get the Incom Engineer, he pumps Z-95s.

vs. RallOps
	Outdrain them. Some RallOps decks can actually get decent drains, so if you've got
Celebration going, use some suicidal mains to pick off the non-unique leader. Depending
on their setup, though, the extra drains could hurt less.
	Decree hurts if it works, so super falcon them in space (you won't need to at Bespin)
Again, a few big drains on Cloud City should knock them around, and CC Celebration keeps
this deck in the game. Path is a key card if they true to assault Cloud City on the ground--
Lando will almost always add a battle destiny. If they attack you in space, it'll be a hard fight for
a little while, but the RallOps guy's probably only has enough space to deal with HB when he has
Security Precuations at his back.

vs. Court
	Rising in popularity (one of the reasons I'm changing).
	If they're smart, they'll pull their independent starships and attack the sytem.
Some people are dumb enough to put down Zuckuss alone if you have ability<7 ('Ok, your power's
4 plus desinty. I don't get a destiny, so my power's just 20'). Unless they put down all
the BH ships at once, though, you can fend them off. Track high destinies.
	 If they attack you on the ground, Path becomes important. It'll be a big battle, but one
this deck will win with judicious use of the Path, destiny tracking, and CC Celebration.
a key card.  '