---
author: Chris "CJ" Young
title: The REAL EBO
side: Light
date: 2000-06-28
description: Set up EBO and drain your opponent til
he dies
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS (7)
Hoth
H: Main Power Generators
H: Echo Corridor
H: Echo Docking Bay
H: North Ridge
H: Echo Command Centre
Yavin 4

CHARACTERS (17)
Captain Han Solo
Commander Evram Lajaie
General Carlist Rieekan
EPP Han
Jeroen Webb
EPP Leia
EPP Luke x3
EPP Obi Wan x2
Toryn Farr
Commander Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Romas 

Strategy: 

DECK TECH STUFFED UP MY SUBMISSION !!
Here is the rest of the decklist:
Biggs Darklighter

SHIPS (11)
GLiG1
RliR1
Falcon x2
Tantive
Redemption
Spiral
Artoo in Red 5
Red Squadron XWing x3

INTERRUPTS
The signal x3
ICBW x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Organized Attack x3
Transmission Terminated x2

EFFECTS
ANSB
EBG
Bacta Tank
Haven
Wise Advice
EBO
POAS x2
Insurrection
Mech Failure
Legendary Starfighter

Weapons
XWing Laser Cannon x2

This is just your typical EBO deck. The locations
are obvious. Use the docking bay to move characters
to the Hoth system. Hoth and Yavin 4 were picked
because they are both targetable by Haven.

Character selection is also self explanatory.
Commander Evram Lajaie is TECH !! Move your ships
as a react. This can catch your opponent by
surprise. EPPs are in here to clear sites and help
get around Battle Order.

Red squadron X-Wings were picked because they
rock !!! They can use X-Wing laser cannons.
The rest is obvious.

It Could Be Worse is numbers protection.
Transmission Terminated is to stop Visage.
Organized Attack is to protect the X-Wings or
to get them quickly.

The effects are pretty self explanatory and the
Laser Cannons kick major ass !!!     