---
author: Russell "Bubo" Bartlett
title: Mains with not so many toys (vs.2.0)
side: Light
date: 2000-01-22
description: This deck uses Obi-1 and the Toshe Station.  Then it has a little bit of every one.  Don't forget the purpose of these charictors is the Immunity to attrition.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
Clound City: Carbonite Chamber
Endor: Back Door
Jabba's Palace: Entrance Cavern
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace (Alt SL)
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut (SL)
Tatooine: Tosche Station (SL)

Characters (19)
Ben Kenobi
BoShek
Bothan Spy
Chewbacca Of Kashyyk x2
Daughter Of Skywalker
General Solo
Harc Seff
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke Skywalker
Master Luke
Melas
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Oola
Orrimaarko
Son Of Skywalker
Tawss Khaa

Starships & Vehicles (6)
Air-2 Racing Swoop
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (18)
Alter x3
Careful Planning (SI)
Courage Of A Skywalker
Gift Of The Mentor
Gremtaash x2
Lost In The Wilderness
Nebrun Leids x3
Sence x2
Shocking Information
Smoke Screen
The Signal x2

Effects (7)
Batte Plan
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage x2
Scrambled Transmission
Traffic Control
Ultimatum

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-wan's Lightsaber


Strategy: 

In game in which your opponent starts with out an Objective, start with Obi-1's Hut and Tosche Station.  Get Obi-1 or Master Luke to the station for the force generation.  Then use rest of the main characters to their full potential and go beat down their guys.  Good pairs are Chewbacca Of Kash. and General Han with the ability to cancle one battle destiny, General Solo and Leia with Blaster. Lando With toy and Tawss Khaa on C.C.  There are more combos than that.  As well keep up the force drains.  Be carful in space but you have good ships.  Use Oola to remove there Unique guys from hand.

Vs. Big Blue. Be carful were you put your guys. Try the inside sits to prevent the wakers.  When out side watch you back by having some guys in your had.  Try to stay out of space, only go if you know you will live.

Vs. Hunt Down.	Try to get the Bothan Spy to Vis. and stop it.	Our use Neb Leads if they don't use Imp.Ar.Orders.  Then be careful with your Jedi, only go near Vader if you have Courage Of a Skywalker in your hand.

Vs. Operatives.  Start with Hut and Battle Plan.  Try to slow down the drains.	Use Obi-1 Kenobi text to make the Op. move to.	Try to prevent the fip, if not force drain at all the locations that allow a force drain of two, all except 3.

It shouldn't be too had to win, don't give up because your guys just keep coming back. 