---
layout: archive
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! "Speeder Beatdown"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-22
description: ! "A battle-oriented deck that wins."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting5
Hoth MPG
Hoth North Ridge
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Locations 5
Spaceport DB
Tatooine DB 94
Cloud City Platform 327
Home One DB
Hoth Echo DB

Characters13
Jeroen Webb
Chewie w/ Gun
Orrimaarko
Zev Senesca
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Melas
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Leia w/ Blaster Rifle
Boushh
Incom Engineer x3
Tycho Celchu

Vehicles15
Snowspeeder x6
Rebel Snowspeeder x7
Sandspeeder
Rogue 2

Interrupts8
The Signal x3
Lost In The Wilderness
Glancing Blow
Desperate Tactics
Attack Pattern Delta
Fallen Portal

Effects11
Yarna dal Gargan
Crash Site Memorial
Scramble
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Garrison
HotJedi
Projection Of A Skywalker
Incom Corporation x2
Maneuvering Flaps x2

Weapons2
Dual Laser Cannon
Ppo.wlebr0DHarpoon
Admirals Orders1
Combined Fleet Action '

Strategy: '

First of all, speeders ROCK So does Incom.  With Incom out and Maneuvering Flaps on, most speeders are power 6 All for 2 deploy  Crash Site Memorial is just tech, like a vehicle Bacta Tank except better.	3 spies to infiltrate opponents twix locations.  Incom Engineers are awesome, adding speeder immunity and 2 to a battle destiny draw.  5 locations, but they can get up to 3 activation at each.  I might want to add in an Ice Storm, but I dont know if its worth it.  Now on to the general strategies

BHBM  Give them Luke when they get out vader, or beat down on Vader with your speeders.  Try to win battles.  If you want, you can try to go after the Emperor with your characters, but its not advisable.  Battle them to death, or drain them at their sites.

Hunt Down  Try to beat up Vader again.  Try to deploy Luke ASAP.  Use a spy to cancel Visage.	Speeders beat down any character that gets in your way.

ROps  Easy game.  They use a lot of low-power Imperials, and your speeders deploy costs are normal.  Should be even easier after JPSD, with the effect that makes my deploy -3 to <> sites.

TDIGWATT  Not really played in my area, but Ill try to cancel Dark Deal.  Hopefully theyll use their DB, so I can control 2 sites with speeders and 1 with characters.

Court	If they try to flip, dont worry.  Keep your guys in the speeders.  Theyll have no chance against you.  If they dont, try to drain and win battles.

SYCFA	If they use Mioom, dont worry.	You can kill her with destiny draws.  Try to battle them, and win.  Might be harder because they take no damage at the Death Star.

TIEs  I really havent seen this deck used in my area, though it would be the hardest matchup.	Just try to drain, and if they deploy anyone, beat the living crap out of them.

Well, thats it.  Please give me suggestions, as those are important to me.  Happy reviewing
---Carson '