---
layout: archive
author: ! Andy "santaandy" Gegg
title: ! "It’s  Clobberin’  TIE-me"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-05
description: ! "I like TIEs.  I made a TIE deck with a bunch of unique/non-unique TIEs and squadrons that didn’t require finding pilots, and uses SFS for retrieval.  Basically, just dump out TIEs, and drain or beat down at will.  The 5 Dreadnaughts help out a lot."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (3)

Wakeelmui 1
Twi’lek Advisor 1
Sienar Fleet Systems 1

Generic Starships (14)

TIE Fighter 7
TIE Interceptor 7

Semi/Unique Starships (7)

Black 11 1
Black Squadron TIE 3
Scythe Squadron TIE 3

Squadrons (3)

The Emperor’s Shield 1
The Emperor’s Sword 1
Death Star Assault Squadron 1

Capital Ships/Support (5)

Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser 5


Systems ()

Kessel 1
Death Star 1
Kiffex 1
Kashyyyk 1
Kuat 1
Endor 1
Mon Calamari 1
Sullust 1


Interrputs (15)

Ghhhk 3
Dark Maneuvers 3
Gravity Shadow 2
All Power To Weapons 3
Watch Your Back 3
Short-range Fighters 1

Effects (5)

Security Precautions 1
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet 1
Return To Base 1
Pride Of The Empire 2

'

Strategy: '

First off, try to get out at least 3 ability worth of TIEs and a Dreadnaught to Wakelmui.	HOLD WAKEEILMUI AT ALL COSTS.  Black 11, and the Black and Scythe Squadron TIEs are all ability 2, so this shouldn’t be a huge problem.  Dreadnaughts are good for power, and the TIEs will let you put Twi’lek Advisor back into your deck.
Next, drop a few systems out for some drain potential and activation.  I suggest Death Star (obvious +3 to generation), Kuat (Wakeelmui gets +2 generation), Kiffex, Sullust, and Endor (2 generation, 2 drain).  These will allow you the activation you need, and the drains to get you ahead.  Any system will do, though.
Next, try to drop a Dreadnaught and at least 2 TIEs at every system possible.  The Interceptors are power 3 (+1 vs. X Wings, i.e. Hidden Base), and the TIE Fighters give you the +2 bonus from Pride of the Empire when you kill another starship.  I used both Interceptors and Fighters to also get Grimtaash protection.  Somewhat.
The squadrons are smackdown potential.	The Sword and Shield will help you hold Endor, and DSAS will help with the frickin’ Super Falcon.  I also suggest dropping in low-deploy ISDs like Devastator, Thunderflare, and Accuser (react to a Force Drain).  Swapping out for Nal Hutta and Vengeance is NOT recommended, as you will have to get both out before the +2 from Vengeance will take over.  Bounty Hunter starships will also work well in this deck.  I just decided to focus solely on TIEs.
Gravity Shadow will nab starships unsuspectingly, and with the realtively medium destiny, you could possibly pick out some unique starships too.  SRF helps with pulling TIEs and retrieval, you could definitely get good use out of another.	All Power to Weapons is awesome in this deck.  ALL Ties are power +2 and immune to attrition, thus giving squadrons a HUGE bonus.  Also, you don’t have to worry about losing 1 force to pull 3 TIEs, because when you deploy them, you retrieve them right back.  Ghhhk gets you out of a pinch, and Dark Maneuvers/Watch your Back will help with destiny.  When you start winning battles, drop Pride o/t Empire.  They lose 1 (or 2 if on a regualr TIE) every move phase.  Stick your Pride onto a Dreadnaught, and move it around to keep it in play.  Return to Base keeps starships around, Dreaded Imperial Starfleet will help against Force Drains, and Security Precautions will help screw Hidden Base (and you get +1 activation, too)

vs. TIGIH/Speeders and RST

Try to hit them anywhere thay have space stuff.  You should win big.  Then, it becomes a drain race.  Hopefully, with enough battle damage, you win.  If they don’t frop space with TIGIH, then drain for all you’re worth.

vs. MWYHL

Drain, drain, drain.

vs. QMC

Holding Bespin and CC should give you battle damage, FD potential, and keep them from flipping.  Watch out if they have already flippied.

vs. HB/swarm

Heh, heh, heh.	Beat them down at will.  Draw to get SecPrec early to screw with their objective.  DON’T let them flip.  It will usually cost you the game.  If they are doing Squadron Assignments, keep APTW and WYB in hand.  Drop an APTW to keep TIEs in play, and WYB will give you at least 3 (4 with some TIEs) destiny to take them out.  Usually nabs a pilot and ship.
How to deal with flipping
Go for it at the battleground sites.  Draw all you can, as this will build your reserve, and will not overload your hand.

vs. JPSD

Not a chance without at least some characters.

vs. EBO

Screw him in space, then Hoth won’t matter.


All in all, I like this deck.  No characters is a MAJOR problem, but not always.  I mainly posted this deck to get ideas on how to revise it.  I’m kinda stuck.  Let me know what you think at andy@jcn1.com.  Thanks

Andy	'