---
author: Norman "Norman" Horn
title: Norman’s D*2 Hidden Base!
side: Light
date: 2000-09-14
description: A Squadron Assignments Hidden Base with what I believe to be a good amount of tech.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Light Deck: HB Tech

Objective:
Hidden Base

Locations (8):
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine
Alderaan
Raithal
Tibrin
Kessel
Kashyyyk
HB Indicator

Characters (16):
2x Obi-Wan Kenobi
Luke Skywalker
TK-422
Boussh
2x General Calrissian
Boshek
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Lieutenant Nataan &#8211; note he adds 1 to drain at Raithal.
Bren Quersey
Colonel Salm
Kin Kian
2x Nien Nunb
Tycho Celchu

Weapons (2):
2x X-Wing Laser Cannon

Starships (8):
Red Squadron 1
2x Gold Squadron 1
Grey Squadron 1
Red 7
Red 9
Artoo-Detoo in Red 5
Green Squadron 3

Effects (11):
Wise Advice
Squadron Assignments
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves You Well
Battle Plan
Honor of the Jedi
Order To Engage
Our Most Desperate Hour
Legendary Starfighter
Traffic Control
What&#8217;re You Trying to Push on Us?

Interrupts (12):
Heading for the Medical Frigate
2x The Signal
2x Rebel Barrier
3x A Few Maneuvers
Out of Commission
2x Tunnel Vision
Out of Nowhere

Admiral&#8217;s Orders (2):
2x I&#8217;ll Take the Leader


Strategy: 

Here&#8217;s my credo again&#8230;

Ok, friends, here’s the scoop. I’ve been very inactive along Decktech in the last few months due to my job, which is now over because I’m on leave-of-absence. This has left me very out of touch along the lines of popular decks. As a result, I’m becoming a little more creative with my ideas. Also, because my score is sooooooo low compared to these people in the top 100 who get those free kajillion points, I don’t exactly care anymore about my score.

Therefore, my new attitude will be to put as many interesting and hopefully original decks as I can, or at least I hope they’ll be fairly original. You can rate them however you like, but please give useful suggestions unless you have nothing to say that would improve it. This is where I make my stand. I have just gone off the edge (to coin a card). Enjoy my new decks. Be on the lookout for a couple of other TiGiH decks (a crazy Revolution version and a Speeder version that I thought up BEFORE I’d seen Steven Lewis’ deck, I swear on my honor), some space decks including 2 HB decks and a Launching the Assault deck (looked like fun), Super-TIEs and Big Blue, New ROPs (I’ve hardly looked at the new versions), BHBM, Flagship Ops, That Thing’s Operational, man I have TONS of stuff in the works. I hope you’ll take the time to check this stuff out, I’ll guarantee you’ll have fun! ~Norman

Now for this deck’s strategy.  The point of this deck is to eliminate the opposition in space, then flip to start the end-game to victory.  It works kinda like the Martin Falke deck of old, high-destiny tech!  Of course, it&#8217;s evolving&#8230;

You start with HB, RP, HFTMF for Wise Advice, Squadron Assignments (those 2 never change), and then your option.  You&#8217;ll generally start with Insurrection.  When facing Hunt Down, BHBM, or Court, start YISYW to pull Honor quickly.

The next step is to set yourself up to win battles.  Using Squadron Assignments you can create a very powerful force to take out nearly anything.  Deploying the Falcon is most important, for it constitutes the best of your starships with everything right.  Find 2 of the 3 cards in the combo (Falcon, Lando, Nien) and you&#8217;re set.  Then set up other starships.  Notice the 2 SE starships, Red 8 and 9.  Both add 1 to their Laser Cannon destinies, which is why they&#8217;re included.  Your Laser Cannons are extremely important to your survival.	With them, you eliminate the problems of very bothersome startships such as Zuckuss in Mist Hunter, Baron Fel / Saber 1, other Saber TIEs, Scythe TIEs, Blacks, whatever.  Tallon Rolls can really hurt you, so blow the stinking TIE/lns out of the sky.  But hey, Wedge, Luke, and generally won&#8217;t lose to a Tallon Roll, and Gold S1 can&#8217;t even be targeted by it!

Once you&#8217;ve won some battles and they&#8217;re not deploying any more starships, flip HB and start the retrieval process.  (Usually a non-space deck will have 5-8 starships, but use ultimate discretion.)  Use OMDH, take it back with Tibrin, rinse and repeat.  Ideally you can retrieve 5 a turn this way.

Oh btw, don&#8217;t forget that S&D is something Honor can take care of, so don&#8217;t just lose it early unless it&#8217;s obvious they&#8217;ll be occupying 3 battlegrounds.

Against&#8230;

Hunt Down &#8211; Start YISYW to pull Honor, and don&#8217;t deploy Obi-Wan unless Epic Duel isn&#8217;t out.  However, watch for them to be losing Circles, you might be able to safely deploy Ben after 2 have been lost.  And you may as well use Red 5 with Boshek or Kin Kian instead of Luke cuz if they flip it’s worthless.  Just use discretion and you should do fine.  I haven&#8217;t lost to HD with this deck yet.
BHBM &#8211; Again, start YISYW to pull Honor.  Shouldn&#8217;t have a major problem until they occupy a couple of battlegrounds, which is when you&#8217;re about ready to set up everything anyways.  You might be flipping earlier against BHBM especially if you see they aren&#8217;t playing heavy space.  Be careful though, you don&#8217;t want to be beaten down.
Court &#8211; Start YISYW for Honor.  X-wing Laser Cannons will be big vs. Court because most independent starships are starfighters.  Blow them to smithereens and you won&#8217;t have a problem.  Catch them by surprise with Obi-Wan and Boshek.  Drain, drain, drain!
Ralltir Ops &#8211; This will be a very interesting game, because you&#8217;ll have limited time to set up before they&#8217;re ready to hit you.  X-Wing Laser Cannons are HUGE vs. ROPs.	Use your Undercover Spies to cancel their drains, and once you flip you&#8217;ll be ready for the fun.  Keep enough ships in your hand to hit a lone starship they deploy to an unoccupied system too.  I&#8217;ll Take the Leader plays a critical role since you have to worry about big battle destinies.

Reasons for cards:
A Few Maneuvers &#8211; You might say, &#8220;THREE of them?&#8221;  Yes, three.  You can&#8217;t afford to have yourself blown to bits by SFS Cannons that make your ships lost.  Plus they&#8217;re destiny 6, sweet to track.
Legendary Starfighter &#8211; Killer against any deck with space power.  Simply attach to Red 5 or Falcon and now they&#8217;re losing 2 every other turn.  Saaaweeeeet!
Grey Squad1 + Kin Kian + Salm? &#8211; Grey S1 is incredible.  Pull Salm if you need counter-ops or extra battle power (remember he can re-draw a destiny for free!), pull Kin Kian if you need more draining!  These cards are tech!
Red 8 + Lt. Nataan, Red 9 + Bren Quersey &#8211; Well, they add one destiny to power only (which can&#8217;t be reduced by ZiMH) AND 1 to your Laser Cannon draws.  Added to the fact that they&#8217;re immune to attrition < 4, and that Nataan adds 1 to your drain at Raithal, these guys kick imps!
Tibrin &#8211; If you don&#8217;t know the power of Tibrin, refer above to the paragraph about retrieving.  Don&#8217;t you DARE say take out Tibrin!
Out of Commission &#8211; Any deck that uses multiple Vaders tempts the user to lose one early if he has more than one in his hand.  If you can pull this off with it you have just won an incredible psychological battle, to say the least.  But even then, placing a card out of play and recycling a 5 is tech!

This deck works pretty well against almost any deck, but it takes skill to adapt to different strategies.  This may not be a deck for the new-guy-on-the-block, but anyone can play it and improve their play-style.  Happy games!

~Norman 