---
layout: archive
author: ! Alan "DrObiwannabe" Jern
title: ! "Tuna"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-27
description: ! "A hunt down deck with lots of twists. Fun to play and kicks major ass."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
HDADTJ
Med Chamber
Holotheatre
Visage
Epic Duel
Twilek
Crush The Rebellion

Locations
Death Star
Death Star War Room
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Audience Chamber
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth War Room x2
Endor Forest Clearing

Characters
EPP Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
Darth Vader
GMT x2
Mara Jade
EJP Dengar
Jabba The Hutt
EPP Fett
ECC IG-88
EJP 4-LOM
Dr. Evazan
DS-61-3
Dannik 'Chris' Jericho

Interrupts
Twilek x3
I Have You Now x2
Evader
Torture x2
Vader's Obsession
Circle Is Now Complete
Masterful Move
Monnok
You Are Beaten
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down

Effects
Visage x2
Responsibility Of Command x2
Much Anger In Him
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
IAO

Starships
Dreadnaught x3

Weapons
Vader's Saber
Mara's Saber

Vehicles
Blizzard 2 '

Strategy: '

Strategy is way more simple than it looks. This is one of those play where they play decks. I picked these locations simply for diversity and force drain potential.

The great thing about this deck is its flexibility. You can drain, beatdown, duel, go for the much anger in him/responsibility of command combo, or other things. This allows you to fit to what is happening on the table and always cause some damage.

Response/Anger If you're not familiar with this combo, you deploy response on the hoth war room and target one of their mains. Then deploy much anger in him on that guy and just drop any old character at that location. They can't battle you so they must lose 4 force every turn for the rest of the game. Combined with Visage, this hurts a lot. Another stupid thing that people do is deploy Boushh to holotheatre to cancel visage (in space decks normally). If this happens, just flip the obj and deploy much anger in him on leia with a guy there. This eliminates the necesity for response.

Dueling Dueling is not a main theme in this deck. It does have a lot of high destiny that can be tracked if the dueling is needed. A lot of times, I prefer to wait until late-game and non-epic duel luke to retrieve a load of force which is nice.

This deck is undefeated so far, beating even HB without a problem. Have fun '