---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Mikey P" Panayotou
title: ! "Mike’s Bring Him Before Me v 1 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-22
description: ! "A BHBM deck.	Standard, but solid."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

BHBM
DSII Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Mobilization Pts.
IAO
No Escape
Prepared Defenses

Characters (19)

Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x2
DV, DLOS
Vader w/Stick
Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
4-Lom w/Gun
Iggy w/Gun
Dannik Jerriko
Dengar w/Gun
Captain Sarkli
Commander Igar
Dr. E

Blue (6)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba in Slave I
Bossk in Bus
Chimaera
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Locations (6)

Carida
Endor DB
CC DB
Tatooine DB
Executer DB
DSII DB

Interrupts (18)

Sense x4
Alter
Control x3
Force Lightning
Ommni Box
Trample
The Circle is Now Complete
Operational as Planned
Masterful Move
Weapon Levitation
You Are Beaten
Weapon of an Ungrateful Son
Hunting Party

Effects (2)

Disarmed
Search and Destroy

Weapons (2)

Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Ok.  Here we go.

Start the starting stuff and pull Carida after you draw.  Activate, pull DSII DB and pull Palpy and Force Lightning (if possible).  9 force on turn 2 (pretty standard opening).

Next, you should focus on getting Vader out.  Try to get the Executer DB and drop Vader there (I only have 2 Lord Vaders, otherwise I’d play more).  He’s -2 at Executer DB, so that’s really nice.  Now you are activating 12 force.

After Vader is out, pull Endor DB and drop him and friends at the DB.	Be aware of Lost in the Wilderness, so getting a walker or having SAC in your hand is key.  Drain, get Lukey deployed and battle.  Simple strategy.  There is a degree of self-manipulation in the deck (can I say that???)  Let’s suppose they are NOT playing Jedi Lukey.  There is a way for a conversion after winning 2 battles . . .

1) Get at least one Saber out.	And make sure you can activate your entire Reserve Deck.

2) At the end of your turn, play Operational and stack a 1 on your force pile.	Recycle.

3) On opponent’s turn (only if you have no cards in your Used pile) use  Janus’ ability (placing the 1 on your used pile), slip the Hunting Party (7) under the 1 and draw a card.

4) Play Weapon of an Ungratful Son, putting another 1 on top of the 1st one on your used pile.	Your pile will be (from bottom to top) (7)(1)(1).  If they don’t shuffle your deck, you are set.

5) Activate all but the last three.  You can check to see their destiny with Sim Aloo.	If it is high, keep it. Duel Lukey.  Assume he draws something like (4)(2) to your (1)(1).  His 5-ability (or even 4) + destiny is 11 (or 10) to your 6 +2 is 8.  You lose.  You have one card.  It is a 7.  7+6=game )

THIS IS IDEAL; most games won’t end this way.  I think the deck is solid enough to win enough battles to convert Lukey.

Against

Profit -- take it head on.  Try to Dannik Han and the game is over.  Bring a force to Tatooine thru the DB.  If they try for an early Lukey to Han rescue, drop Vader and rain on Han’s parade.  Easy win.

Agents -- Make them suffer if they don’t play Luke.  If they do, win battles and try to convert Luke.  With Dannik, Dengar, Dr. E and Iggy, winning battles shouldn’t be so hard.  Play smart and it should be a win.

Hidden Base Flip -- S+D.  Your Destiny.  If they drop Luke, drain and let S+D wear them down.  Space victories will be very limited, but one may be possible with some nicely tracked destinies.  If they don’t flip and drop some EPPs, crush them for a card on Insignificant and try to convert.

New Age Throne Room/Scouts/Mains -- pick battles wisely.  Beware of Fallen Portal.  Fight, get cards, try to convert.  Get Vader to a BG fast, but make sure he doesn’t get the beatdown.

That’s about it.  D-mail me if you see a serious problem.	Thanks for reading.

'