---
layout: archive
author: ! Brody "Short_Punk" Hughes
title: ! "Hunt Down Brody s Way"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-27
description: ! "This deck may not be the best thing to look at, but it performs well against about any strategy type."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
ExecutorHolotheatre
Visage Of The Emperor
ExecutorMeditation Chamber
Twi'lek Advisor
Bad Feeling Have I

Locations(7)
Endor
Kashyyyk
Tatooine
TatooineLars Moisture Farm
TatooineCantina
TatooineJabba's Palace
Jabba's PalaceAudience Chamber

Characters(20)
2x Darth Vader
2x Darth Vader With Lightsaber
2x Grand Moff Tarkin
Dr. Evazan
Jabba The Hutt
Boelo
Niado Duegad
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Bossk
Zuckuss
Dengar
Bane Malar
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Weapons(3)
Dr. Evazan's Sawed-off Blaster
Thermal Detonator
Vader's Lighsaber

Starships(7)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing One
Thunderflare
Vengeance
Conquest
Devastator
Avenger

Effects(8)
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Reactor Terminal
2x Presence Of The Force
Security Precautions

Interrupts(9)
3x Control
2x Torture
Twi'lek Advisor
Main Course
Monnok
HoloNet Transmission '

Strategy: '

Start out with the starting stuff (of course). Twi'lek for Bad Feeling Have I or another effect of your choice. Get Vader out as soon as possible at one of the very few sites I have in (I need to add more). Open a can with the other cards you have in. This is basically it, just remember to have them lose for Visage. HoloNet is in for Transmission Terminated. I got Tortures in for Odds. IAO if they're main hoppers and Bad Feeling for mains also, don't forget about most of their mains being +2. If Hidden Base is what they're playing then probe with the ships and drain them out on the ground. I probably need to toss in a Ghhhk. You might want to slip in Crush The Rebellion and an Evader or two for those few Revo decks still runnin' 'round. This is basically it, this deck stands up surprisingly well against about any variety of decks. I like it and thinks it kicks ass.

Thanks for the reviews guys.

the tall guy I've been planning on adding another Visage maybe 2. Cause a destiny 7 never hurt anyone.

redawg77 That is a really good idea. I will put one in as soon as I get one.

Annihilator Well Ben, all I have to say to you is don't build such good decks for Reid next time. =)

morbius 18 You're right about the Zuckuss in Mist Hunter, as soon as I get some EJP I'll pop it in.



'