---
author: Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: my rst
side: Light
date: 2000-10-31
description: close air support rst
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starters(7)
rebel strike team/garrison destroyed
endor
endor:rebel landing site
heading for the medical frigate
strike planning
your incite serves you well
squadron assignments

locations(4)
rendezvous point
endor: back door
endor: dense forest
endor: hidden forest trail

characters(23)
obi wan with lightsaber x2
general crix madine
seargent brooks carlson
corprol kensaric
general solo
corprol midge
orrimarko
chewbacca of kashyyk
wuta
luke skywalker jedi knight x2
daughter of skywalker
luke with lightsaber
general calrissian
colonel cracken
niem numb
tycho celchu
wedge antilles, red squadron leader
lt. blount
h’nemthe
ithorian x2

starships(7)
tala 1
tala 2
spiral
green squadron 3
red squadron 1
gold squadron 1
red leader in red 1

weapons(1)
lukes lightsaber

effects(10)
what’re you tryin’ to push on us
menace fades
honor of a jedi
bacta tank
close air support
projection of a skywalker x2
do or do not
uncontrollable fury
insurrection

interrupts(8)
the signal
weapon levitation
rebel barrier
smoke screen x3
it could be worse x2 

Strategy: 

card by card

strike planning: to pull out madine and either calrisian or solo and to stop them from deploying to endor to protect my talas

squadron assignments:to get my starfighters and pilots out faster

your insight serves you well:to drop for close air support

rendezvous point: my starships deploy there for nothin and i can move them werever i need them

general crix madine: to get my scouts out

weapon levitation: best utility card ever, who agrees?

insurrection: to give my scouts a forfeit boost

uncontrollable fury: to take care of that pesky vader

do or do not: to minimize the effects of alter and sense

projection of a skywalker: to slow down their force drains on their sites

bacta tank: to bring back you scouts

close air support: to make sure those imperials will have to pay for fighting on endor

honor of a jedi: to stop force loss from hunt down

what’re you try’in to push on us: to stop their barrage of alters

menace fades: to stop one dimensional speed drainers

tala 1 & 2: to give me a destiny to power and battle with close air support

ithorian: to essentialy give me a force drain +1 at their site cause they add 1 of each icon

h’nemthe: to raise male imperials deploy

colonel cracken & lt. blount: to fly my talas and isb killers, or good spies

general calrisian: great in space and i can pull him

chewbacca of kashyyyk: to pull wuta

wuta:to pull my endor sites

corprol midge:to give me a force drain +1 at most endor sites

major panno:extra activation

corprol kensaric:to raise thjeir deploy cost


strategy

the main strategy in this deck is to spread and force drain on endor, and you do that like this.  turn 1: take general madine and drop YISYW for close air support before you activate, but dont deploy CAS until you get a tala or tala pilot in your hand so they do not have a chance to alter it.  deploy madine to the landing site and any other scouts in your hand, and then take kensaric out of your deck with madines text, and with any remaining force deploy him.  next turn, you dont neccesarily have to deploy a general, because you dont need to get lando in the falcon right away or gen solo on endor, let the flow of the game decide which you need.  throughout the game keep deploying all your force at the landing site until you have enough scouts to flip the objective in ine turn.  also to get your sites out, pull chewie of kashyyyk with madine, and use chewie to deploy wuta for free and get your sites out with wuta.	also, keep dropping all of your space power to endor until you get rendezvous point, then drop them all to rendezvouse point and move them to endor for free.  make sure to get your close air support up early so your opponent wont want to attack you while you are weak, and later in the game he wont want to attack you because you are so strong.  so once you spread out and get your drain bounus’ working you should have the game.  i have not taken this deck to tournament yet, but i have played it with my freinds and it works well, hope you like it. 