---
author: Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: Baile De Los Locos
side: Dark
date: 2000-03-09
description: This is the ISB deck with my powerful ORS and the other mad aliens
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

objektiv (1)
ISB opperations/ESA

Gubbar/krigare (18)

Outer rim scout X8
5D6 RA7
Boelo
Dr. Evazan
IG88 me pistol
4LOM me pistol
Jabba the small one X2
Mara Jade
Boba Fett me pistol
Chal Bekan

Btar och kameler (5)

Bossk bt
Zuckuss bt
Boba Fetts bt
Jabbas rymdskepp
Blizzard 1

Interrupter (15)

Twi'Lek X2
Elis Helrot X2
Torure X2
Abyssin ornament X2
Imperial barrier X2
None shall pass
Masterful move
monnok
Evader
Sniper

Effekter (9)

Sec prec
Oppressive enforcement
There will be hell to pay X2
Crush the rebellion
ACB to the universe
First strike
Scum and villainy X2

Vapen (1)

Mara Jades Snabel

Monster (1)

Bubo

Platser (10)

Coruscant
C: imperial square
Jabbas Palats X4
Audience chamber
Jundland Wastes
Lars moisture farm
Cantina



Strategy: 

Many tournaments are comming up here, so i threw togeather an ISB deck. I built this deck for playtesting purposes, and it turned out to be a real good deck. Me and Patrek played like 6-7 games today, although i only played differnt kinds of mains i think it has a good chance to other decks as well.

starting location should be the coruscant system unless opponent starts hidden base, then go for the imperial square.

4 JP are included, i really need the audience chamber to get the deck gonig. Also, this gives me a huge advantage against profit decks which should stand no chance. Also, this deck needs a very small amount of force to be running, with scum, jabba and chal bekan my aliens deploy rather cheep. Choke decks are therefore not a problem, and i also got evader and crush the rebellion (also for anti-clash which hurts this deck) for revolutions on my starting location.

I got drain potential with the isb agents. mostly i wont need my own drain locations, those are in if i face opperatives, space and other defensive decks. But mostly i dont need them, as i said.

Usually start oppressive enforcenemt, a good all round effect which protects against S/A/C. Grapplers are also a must in all dark decks.

Barriers, none shall pass and elis are all protection against beatdown, but if you play against mains you should still be very careful so you wont suffer from a beatdown. Basicly you will only need to control one site if you play mains, since you will drain much more than they will. You also have the potential of making a beatdown.

Hidden base is handeled by draining him ASAP before he flips. 4 ships, sec.prec and lots of aliens as attrition fother should be enough to probe him, just stay away of the falcon.

opperatives is no problem, start ABC, protect it with a shop and then drain him, if he plays speeders stay indoors.

against undercovers there are bubo and a sniper. sniper is also great otherwise, and also kicks with IG88 against key guys such as beru or owen against harvest and han against profit decks (though profit was no problem).

cards that could go in:
Dengar with blaster
omnibox/shocking revelation (only got 3 recycleables + barriers, none shall pass and signal, you can track when you retrieve though)
another mara jade (not so sure about it though)
ghhhk
Disarmed!

This deck probably explains itself, enjoy!

/Martin Akesson

