---
author: Scott "Darson" Carver
title: The McSkywalker V1.0
side: Light
date: 2000-08-06
description: Remember MWYHL decks that tested to JT #2 for the bonuses? This deck opens a new chapter in Jedi Test decks.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
 Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations (8)
 Chandrila
 Dagobah
 Dagobah: Jungle
 Dagobah: Training Area
 Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
 Endor: Back Door
 Kessel
 Rendezvous Point

Characters (17)
 Captain Han Solo  x2
 Chewie With Blaster Rifle
 Colonel Cracken
 Daughter Of Skywalker
 Harc Seff
 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x2
 Luke With Lightsaber
 Melas
 Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
 Orrimaarko
 Tawss Khaa
 Wedge Antilles
 Yoda

Starships (6)
 Home One
 Millennium Falcon  x2
 Red Leader In Red 1
 Spiral
 Tantive IV

Interrupts (14)
 Courage Of A Skywalker
 Gift Of The Mentor
 Glancing Blow
 Heading For The Medical Frigate
 Hyper Escape
 Lost In The Wilderness
 Rebel Barrier
 Shocking Information
 The Bith Shuffle
 The Force Is Strong With This One
 The Signal  x2
 Tunnel Vision
 Under Attack

Effects (10)
 Bacta Tank
 Frozen Assets
 Honor Of The Jedi
 Mantellian Savrip
 Mechanical Failure
 The Way Of Things
 Traffic Control
 What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
 Wise Advice
 Your Insight Serves You Well

Weapons (1)
 Luke's Lightsaber

Jedi Tests (3)
 A Jedi's Strength
 Domain Of Evil
 Great Warrior



Strategy: 

RESPONCE TO REVIEWS: I've taken out Frozen Assets and added in Battle Plan since I think this will help a lot more and I don't know why I didn't have it in here in the first place. Secondly, I've added the Dagobah: Bog Clearing in place of Rendevous Point. Also, concerning Broken Concentration: Broken concentration hurts any testing deck. It's a fact I already considered when building it but that doesn't mean the deck is worthless or will fall apart if they play it. I can test around it, its more difficult, but not impossible. Besides, with People playing Prepared Defenses like crazy, I don't expect to see people starting with it as much as they used to. That's a given bonus for any training deck.

Ok, this deck Jedi Tests to Jedi Test 3 and then uses the bonuses to lay a smackdown on the opponent without committing as many cards to the deck as a test 6 deck would. It may seem a little confusing at first so please read the strategy (as long as it may be) before prejuding and hastily rating it. Thanx.

Alright, you're gonna want to start with the objective and Dagobah and use Heading for the Medical Frigate to pull The way of things, Wise advise, and Your insight serves you well. Pull your dagobah sites early on as well as yoda and Daughter. Don't be afraid to jump right into the fight with the rest of your stuff as your testing as you have more than enough firepower as well as Savrip. Your jedi testing should be easy enough. Complete test 1 on turn 2. Then complete 2 and 3 on turn 3. Here's where the bonuses start rolling in. First, you kill ALL their drain bonuses, making decks that rely on heavy draining to keel over and die. Secondly, you up the requirement to draw battle destiny up forcing them to consolitate their forces a little so you wont get drained as much without the bonuses, and finally the kicker. Keep yoda at his hut the whole game and attrition against you is -2. When you instantly complete test three once you complete test 2 it subtracts one from all their battle destinies essentially giving ALL your characters immunity to attrition <4. This also makes Jedi luke immune <10 with his saber alone. So now it's a helluva lot harder to eliminate your characters without the use of weapons or destiny adders. Even if they do slice a character or two up every once and a while  (which is also more difficult now that their weapon destinies are -1 as well) you've got your bacta tank to keep them rolling right back into the fight. This also pretty much negates the battle destiny bonus that Ralops gives making it easier to beat them down in fights. You've also got Under Attack and Mech Failure, to take care of the nice AT-ST's they so love to throw out. When you combine these and OTE, they'll be taking a lot of damage. Need Honor of the Jedi really fast? No problem. Just sac Your insight serves you well and pick it up. Even if you don't need to use Honor you've still got numbers covered (as if anyone plays it anyway) and Vader and Palpy just got easier to disembowel. See them tracking some destinies? Do a little dance and play Bith Shuffle. They decide to drain with vader alone at a site, let him wander around in the wilderness for a while. There's a lot of tech in here that works really nice. My personal favorite has always been Harc Seff. A little extra ground power, a nice pilot in space, and a built in It could be worse all in one card. I love this guy. Anyways, on to the individual strategies...

Hunt Down:
Start normally and pull honor of the jedi into your hand on their first turn. You'll lose a whole 1 force to visage the whole game, they'll never be able to hold 3 battlegrounds against you. See dueling? Hold onto your dueling cards, bith shuffle them and let vader have it. Shouldn't be too hard there. Besides, Hunt Down isn't going to be that big now anyways.

Raltiir Ops:
It'll take them just about as long to flip their objective as it will for you to get your testing done. Get the Tantive to Raltiir as soon as you can to delay them from flipping and play off them for a little while. This is a good matchup for this deck but I personally wait for them to make the first move. If they ever leave Raltiir they're finished, so if they don't it'll be a little tricky getting there. Send your ships into space to get some draining on there so your doing some decent damage to them. You'll be generating plenty of force so when the times right, bombard them at one of their raltiir sites and hold there. Use Under Attack against their walkers when it pops up and drop Mechanical Failure on another to make the invasion a lot easier. Hold up at the middle site for them and drop harc seff. Negate the drain damage with him and keep your drains in space and ground steady and you'll outlast them. Savrip plays a bigger part against this decktype as well and makes it a lot easier to keep the pressure on them. Trust me on that one.

Bring him before me:
Pull Honor just like Hunt Down and most likely they'll drop Vader somewhere turn 1 or 2. There's more than one way to beat this deck without much trouble but my personal favorite is to save up some force and go right after Palpatine. Take him out and drain away at the throne room. Drain in space at kessel with home one and the falcon and take vader out whenever he comes wandering around. If you ever feel the need to give them Luke, give them Luke with lightsaber so it's harder to turn him and also so you have 2 luke's of a destiny 6 in your deck. You won't have trouble here though they might do an impressive 1 damage against you for a few turns.

This deal is getting worse all the time:
Kill dark deal...outdrain...win game.

Numbers:
What numbers? I don't see any numbers? Oh, THOSE numbers. How about I go easy on you and you give me a +40 differential right now...

TIE swarm:
This is an interesting matchup. Tie swarm decks are usually low destiny decks so they won't be forcing you to lose from attrition, almost ever. Drain on the ground at the back door. You won't nearly have as many starships as they will so I'll be important to keep your ships loaded up with a few characters so you won't have to forfeit the ships in battle. Send your characters you do lose to the bacta tank and repeat. It depends on the tie swarm deck but you might want to hold up at 1-3 good drains locations in space and drain away. their drain bonuses in space are done and they'll have to deploy 6 interceptors at a time just to draw battle destiny against you. This will make it harder to spread out and you'll be able to widdle them down in battles a bit easier. Snag all power to weapons with Push. It'll be hard to beat them toward the beginning of the game but mid-late game, they'll run out of all power to weapons, they won't have enough ability to spread out and drain, and they won't be able to retrieve the interceptors they're losing anymore. Once this starts to happen, or when the opporitunity strikes, go cancel Sienar Fleet Systems and watch them slowly die.

NOTE: I've been going back and forth whether I should keep the Jedi Lukes in or replace them with Luke w/stick. I decided to keep the Jedi Luke's in mainly because of the destiny #'s but also because he's just flat out a powerhouse. The deployment restriction does get annoying though but he doesn't die as quick as Luke with saber. Either way, the deck still works great. Let me know what you think when you review the deck. Thanks. 