---
layout: archive
author: ! Lewis "Duke Devil" Blake
title: ! "ISB is making it worse for the Alliance"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-27
description: ! "hmmm.  drain and battle.  wow that was hard:)"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

' START(6)
ISB ops
Coruscant Imp Square
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
IAO
Imperial Decree

 LOCATIONS(8)
Yavin 4
Yavin 4DB
Hoth DB
Cloud City DB
Coruscant DB
Tatooine DB
Spaceport Docking Bay x2

 CHARACTERS(21
Lord Vader
Darth Vader with Saber
Mara Jade
Colenol Davod Jon
Myn Kyneugh
Royal Gaurd x3
Dannik Jerrkio
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
LT. Pol Treidum
Chall Bekan
Commander Merrejk
Corporal Derdram
Officer Evax
Colonel Wulf Yuleran
Captain Jonus
5D6-RA-7
Snowtrooper Officer x3

 EFFECTS(5)
You Cannot Hide Forever
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
Bad Feeling Have I
Leave Them to Me

 INTERRUPTS(9)
Alter
Twilek Advisor x2
Nevar Yalnal x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Its Worse
Ghhhk

 STARSHIPS(8)
Flagship Executor
Accuser
Visage
DiP1
BFiS1
ZiMH
BiHT
The Emporers Sword

 WEAPONS(3)
Mara Jades Saber
Force Pike x2 '

Strategy: '

2nd Turn Flip ISB
put out Yavin 4 DB first Turn, then Hoth DB 2nd tun if they r not playing EBO.
Nevar Yalnal is just murder to undercover spies
Imp Decree hurt most drain decks
Get out Coruscant DB to ship out the royal gaurds with force pikes to protect ISB agaents

 AGAINST EBO
kepp Imp decree going and get spaceport docking bays to their systems with ISB agents.	tough but it can be won.  be careful with battles
try to go to hoth asap

 AGAINST PROFIT
put down Mara and Dannik
Get big force there while getting ISB set up.  If they beatdown on Tatooine, retreat or forfeit, then drain.

AGAINST MWYHL drain as big as u can and watch out for beatdown.  Try to go to Dagobah on a ship.

AGAINST ANYTING ELSE
get ISB going and Imp decree

this is a deck I made while looking for another design, but it turned out fairly well, hasn't had a tourney loss of more than 9.

thx for your reviews.
--Lewis'