---
layout: archive
author: ! Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: ! "Fearless and Inventive"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-19
description: ! "  Powerful characters and a sharp damage curve helpt his deck put the opponent on the defensive early.  The right interrupts and effects are blended in to humble the best Dark Side decks."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective

You Can Either Profit By This/
Or Be Destroyed

Locations (7)

Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda's Hut

Characters (19)

Ben Kenobi x3
Master Luke x3
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x3
Boushh x2
Chewbacca
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Yoxgit
Romas 'Lock' Navander
H'nemthe

Devices/Weapons (7)

Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2
Leia's Blaster Rifle
Chewbacca's Bowcaster
Landing Claw

Starships/Vehicles (4)

Lando In Millennium Falcon
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Luke's T-16 Skyhopper
Incom T-16 Skyhopper

Effects (6)

Goo Nee Tay
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Disarmed

Interrupts (16)

The Signal x3
Nabrun Leids x2
Skywalkers
Gift Of The Mentor
Sorry About The Mess
Weapon Levitation
First Aid
It's A Trap
Quite A Mercenary
Clash of Sabers
Transmission Terminated
Run Luke, Run x2

'

Strategy: '

  Frozen Assets is in the deck for a reason.  Keep reading.
Maybe sometime in the future I'll toy with a Profit deck containing more T-16s and Beggar's Canyon, then I'll replace Frozen Assets with Beggar.  But for now, I'm not going to use 3 force to deploy an effect I can't protect from Alter.  Frozen Assets is a higher destiny, deploys free, and is a lot of fun to spring on people who don't see it coming once I flip.

  Scanning Crew does not concern me right now because it has all but disappeared in my area, perhaps because of all the Hidden Base and Speeder Ops decks against which it is absolutely useless.

  SAC?	None of the interrupts or effects are essential to this deck's success.  Having two or three canceled is a minor nuisance.  I'll be cautious to avoid relying on reacts when facing SAC, as well.  In the meantime, it makes no sense to replace my interrupts with cards meant to protect those interrupts.

  Play this deck well, and it will reward you.	I use EPP Han because usually I flip before there are 5 cards in my Lost Pile, so it would be a waste to use a weaker Han for the extra retrieval.

  The other character choices are fairly obvious, powerful mains and their matching weapons.  Yoxgit is a big help, getting back Landing Claw or a weapon when you need it.  Also, if Homing Beacon or Those Rebels Won't Escape Us cancels my Landing Claw during the opponent's move phase, I just get it back with Yoxgit on my turn and re-deploy it.  Perhaps they'll come to Tatooine to get rid of Yoxgit, but isn't the whole idea to drag them down to MY turf?

  Lando In Millennium Falcon was a natural choice.
This ship counts toward the direct damage from Or Be Destroyed, making the opponent lose another card.	There are only two ships because that's all it's needed in the past.	Don't add a card to a deck if you don't have a good reason to do so.

  Once you're flipped, keep your mains close together to fend off attacks, at least until you get cards like It's A Trap in your hand.  Venture outdoors once you have a T-16 in your hand.	These are better than Sandspeeders in this deck because of the (much) higher destiny and same basic stats, and because Luke's T-16 fits two characters.

  Use the T-16s to 'react' Ben around or to protect Han from weapons, choking, or Trample.  Against a deck you suspect is packing heavy dueling action, put Ben inside a T-16, stopping The Circle Is Now Complete but still allowing the old man to use his "revive" text.  Leia's Blaster Rifle and Chewbacca's Bowcaster eat walkers like popcorn, use them to smack the AT-STs around on Ralltir or to protect your mains from Igar and pals.

  It's A Trap is an extremely versatile card.  It can cancel Sniper to protect Han or Boushh.  That's not all.  Stop IG-88 from battling and capturing Han, then play Disarmed during your control phase to render Iggy harmless.  If Vader and Tarkin show up to spoil your party, this handy interrupt can stop them in their tracks, and is immune to Sense.

  Now you have the advantage, because on your turn you can either take someone out with Sorry About The Mess or deploy Uncontrollable Fury and move away.  All these functions from one, seemingly simple, card.

  Frozen Assets is a nasty surprise for someone who thinks it is safe to spread out or to lose Main Course to damage early in the game.  Read the objective closely.  Once you flip, you can deploy Frozen Assets.  Deliver a massive beating to end the game or at least seriously weaken your opponent.

  That about covers it.  Apparently, people have been reading the strategy section on this one, judging by the reviews.  I appreciate that.  Many thanks for the reviews.  I love the Beggar's Canyon suggestion, and it sounds like something I'll pursue next time I build a deck.	  '