---
author: Casey "Smeg" Barson
title: Wonder Who They Found (Endor-DSII Deck)
side: Light
date: 2000-11-20
description: This deck is only for the Endor-Death Star 2 senario.  Not for any other tournament. Please rate it fairly.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (5)

Home One: War Room
Heading for the Meadical Frigate
Strike Planning
Your Insight Serves You Well
Insurrection

Characters (20)

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
General Solo x2
Daughter of Skywalker x2
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk x2
Paploo
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Graak
Wicket
Wuta
General Crix Madine
Corporal Midge
Admiral Ackbar
Lieutenant Blout
General Calrissian
Nien Nunb

Weapons (2)

Luke’s Lightsaber x2

Admirals Orders (2)

Combined Fleet Actions
Capitol Support

Starships (7)

Home One
Green Squadron A-Wing x2
Independance
Liberty x2
Gold Squadron 1

Locations (7)

Endor
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Back Door
Home One: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest)

Effects (8)

Your Insight Serves You Well x2
I Hope She’s Alright
Staging Areas
I Wonder Who They Found
Thats One
Count Me In
I’m With You Too

Interrupts (9)

Throw Me Another Charge x3
I Know x3
Free Ride x2
Insertion Planning 

Strategy: 

     I created this deck because I was tired of seeing the same light deck for everyone who was playing.  They all play big scout decks with Madine, insertion planning and take the inicetive (pobably misspelled).  It was so boring to know you are going to play the same deck every time you sat down.  So I made this to use some cards I’ve been wanting to play with for a long time and in this senario I can.  So read it and rate it fairly.  I’d do the same to yours if I could.	Maybe if the deck gets rated high enough I will be able to rate stuff.	Enjoy.
     This is a good all around deck for the senario.  It hasn’t lost for me yet.  Yet.

     Your first two turns are critical.  Before you activate, use Insight (senario signal) to pull Wonder Who They Found.  This is the deck key.  If you have it in your hand then go for Staging Areas for some quick activation. Now you pull your two generals.  There are three in the deck so if you get one in your hand go for the other two, but always get Madine and Solo.  Only pull Calrissian if you have one of the others in your hand.
     Next you pull a docking bay.  Usually Home One Docking bay, but if you get it then its alright to get the other one.  Then put down Madine and pull Chewie. Deploy Wonder Who They Found on the War Room.	Then pull one of the effects (Thats One, Count Me In, or I’m With You Too) using its text.  Those are so butter when you get them all working together.  You should have enough force to stick down Chewie and Put thats one on him from hand.
     Now is where it changes in game play depending on what type of dark deck you are playing against so I will list the popular ones.

     vs. Ties/Big Space Drains:  Once you get down both docking bays and you see that they are playing with mostly space put your guys at the endor docking bay.  Use Madine to pull Corporsl Midge to add to your drains where you have a scout ability >2.  Just start draining.  Pull Wuta with Chewie to pull sights and you can usually out drain them.  Bring out home one and the other ships if you see a weakness, but they usually prove ineffective.  If you are totally loosing in the drain race and need to go to space move Chewie and Han onto a capitol and Fry them by canceling their destinies and having the immunity from the Admirals order will kill them.  You should win this game with relative ease.

     vs. BHBM:	Wait to deploy Luke until Vader Hits the Table.  When he does come down, Stick Luke down at the Endor docking bay with his friends.  Stick the effects on all of them and bait him to come to you.  If you don’t have Leia out yet, I know will get her for you when he battles you.  Once you have them there, they will kill anything there with little or no problem.  You are able to cancel their destiny and draw at least a 5 every time.  Its really nice to use I know and draw 3 destiny.  The deck has recyclable high destinies and so it will kill almost anything, even a Lord Vader.  Once He’s dead use the same plan as before.  Drain them to death.  I’ve had a drain of 9 going before so the deck can do some damage.  This will be a really fun game to play.  The look on your opponents face when you kill Vader is worth the whole tournament.

     vs. Ground/Walkers/Speeders.  You can pretty much take out any ground force quite easily.	Don’t stick down any sights other than the docking bays.  Play on their sights and keep your four mains together.	If they are reacting to battles with walkers and speeders they’re in for a real supprise when the come at you.  Play an I Know and draw 3 destiny.  With the I’m With You Too text you get to double it.  Draw your first two and the last one is always a five.  When you say that they have to loose 26 in attrition they are completely flabbergasted.  I love that word.	That’ll usually kill basically everything there.  This should be a fun game as well.  Free ride will be a great help with Paploo there to get it every turn, can be a game winner.

     vs. Anything Else:  Just play smart and you should do pretty well.  There aren’t that many different dark decks out there to play against so just have fun with the deck.  It hasn’t lost for me, but it might for you.	It’s a well rounded deck and should win consistently.  Just remember to get your effects into your hand soon, even if you don’t have all the characters you will.  And with only one of each effect in there you need them in your hand so that you don’t loose them off the top like an idiot like I did in a game.  It almost cost me the game.

     Have fun and remember when you rate it that it is a senario deck.	I know it won’t win worlds, but it would be fun to watch it try.
