---
layout: archive
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "Ishi’s In The Court"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-12
description: ! "This is a simple Tatooine deck, that revolves around the ’teched’ out Ishi Tibs"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'-Starting-
Agents In The Court
Hutt Trade Route
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Uh-Oh
Insurrection

-Sites-
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Judland Waste
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Home One Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay

-Characters-
Ben Kenobi x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Leia W/Blaster x2
Han W/Blaster
Cpt. Han Solo
Chewie W/Blaster
Lando W/Vibro Axe
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Ishi Tib x2
Harc Seff x2

-Weapons-
Obi-Wans Lightsaber x2
Luke’s Lightsaber x2

-Ships-
Home One
Spiral
Millennium Falcon

-Interrupts/Effects-
Sense x5
Alter x2
Fallen Portal x2
Houjix
Courage Of A Skywalker
Clash Of Sabers
Weapon Levitation
Rebel Barrier x2
Draw Their Fire
Ounee Ta
Order To Engage
Bo-Shuda
Traffic Control
Sorry About The Mess x2
'

Strategy: '

Ahhhh behold the power of Ishi’s - Well your probabaly wondering why there are only 2 actually Ishi Tib’s, well upon playtesting and finding the right...knack...I opted to replace an Ishi Tib with Melas for 2 reasons (1)I needed another good character (2)I needed more ability on the table. So that’s why I did what I did.

As you look over the deck and see that there are only 3 ships...yes there are only 3 ships, and why is that you ask, aren’t you afraid of Big Blue or Tie Swarm, nope. If they do then I will battle at my convience w/Cpt. Han and Leia w/Blaster along w/Home One and the ever fun reacting Spiral. I get 3 Destinies (which are averaging of 4) and enough power and forfit to make them stay for a while

Now your probably looking at the Interrupts/Effects and thinking to yourself, "Damn you Cat, why can’t you put them in their own catagories" Well that’s how I design decks and I just cut and paste. ) So pfffbt

The I/E’s are chosen for their usefullness in the deck, S/A is always usefull as well as Houjix (only when you need to make that last attempt of blocking a FD and then loosing...yadda yadda). Courage to help against the ever popular dueling, Clash - well you know why... and the rest if pretty obvious. Although I use 2 Sorry About The Messes cause alot of people in my area play w/Undercover Spies and I didn’t want to bother w/R-3P0 (even tho he was in there he didn’t work out for me, because when people didn’t play w/US’s he was useless)

Against certain decks (not mainstreamed stuff) - Start the normal stuff and then just mass build up w/ability and enough forfit per site then just force drain your opponent. You have enough power w/the characters you have and forfit if need be.

Against BHBM - set up force drain and battle out Vader using Weapon Levitation against him and then just work over the people w/power. It’s simple but if you don’t reinforce yourself you’ll loose the battle.
Against HDADTJ - see above
Against MKOS - control the AC w/Ishi’s and Uh-Oh and BoShuda to have no battles there..then recycle and battle at your convience. Don’t let them battle if you can at all help it.
Against SYFCA - similiar to above if it’s the Alien version. Battle w/your characters on their sites w/Imp Version. Control Death Star quickly and hold that. Granted they can battle and take no damage but if you control it with power then you’ll have uncontested FD’s.

Against anything - just play it for what it is and enjoy playing.

Thanks,

Cat "The Garindan/Ezri Collector" Ceder '