---
layout: archive
author: ! Shawn "Admiral Shaw" Dow
title: ! "Your chances of winning are 3 720 To 1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-16
description: ! "I've played a deck kinda like this one only using the operative obj. and it was ass.  This way is alot better take a look."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(7)
Ralltir
Raithal
Death Star
Coruscant
Spaceport Docking Bay
Swamp
Forest

Characters(11)
Navy Trooper Vesden
Biker Scout Trooper x10

Starships(5)
Dengar in P1
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Fett in Slave 1
IG-88 in IG-2000

Vehicles(9)
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Speeder Bike x5

Interrupts(12)
Tactical Support x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Trooper Assault x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
High Speed Tactics x3

Effects(15)
Imperial Arrest Order
Secret Plans
Bad Felling Have I
There Is No Try
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2
Pressence Of The Force x2
Ability, Ability, Ability
Opressive Enforcement
3720 To 1 x4

Objective
Ralltir Operations

'

Strategy: '

Start by playing IAO, first turn get out DB and Forest.  You should be able to flip on turn 2 against most decks.	Get out Raithal and don't deploy it until you have some ships.  Insert odds, drain end of game.  After seeing the Raithal ops deck I thought it was pointless to play an obj. you can't flip.  This deck is good for battling because of the high destinies and the added effect of the obj.	You rarly see mains on Ralltir and if you do its usually one at a time since they deploy +4.  It has a good record against mains and toys (never been beaten) thats all I've played it against.  If someone plays Don't Forget The Droids just catch them.  And retreive with Abyssin Orns.  Oh Yeah for those of you who are going to tell me the deck is cheese, well no need I already know. '