---
layout: archive
author: ! Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: ! "black and blue endor ops"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-16
description: ! "big blue fast activation that swarms with star destroyers so your opponent cant gain footing in space"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starters(7)
endor operations
endor
Edocking bay
prepared defenses
mobilization points
IAO
third effect varies on your opponents deck

locations(5)
DII docking bay
Xdocking bay
coruscantdocking bay
fondor
rendili

blue(17)
vsd x8
tempest scout x5
tempest 1
devastator
chimaera
flag x

characters(14)
admiral piett x2
admiral chiraneau x2
mara jade x2
lord vader x2
at-st pilot x3
dengar with blaster carbine
commander merrejk
colonel davod jon

green(1)
mara jades lightsaber

admirals order(1)
battle deployment

effects(7)
ominous rumors
early warning network
lateral damage
battle order(start aggainst rst&ebo)
somthing special planned for them
oppresive enforcment(all around good third starter)
secret plans(start aggainst MWYHL)

interrupts(8)
imperial command x5
twi’lek advisor x2
monnok
'

Strategy: '

CARD BY CARD

mobilization pointsgrab your flag x and pick up high activation at your bays

vsdchose them over unique cause of their low deploy, high destiny with oppresive enforcment

tempest scoutchose them over unique for their ability to react, can get to a battle at your bays as reacts.

chimaera&devastatorhuge forfeit, power, and ability 2 pilots

flag xdont put it down right away just for its lack of immunity, has less deploy(and a cooler picture)and you can always forfeit a pilot from it or a vsd, just never leave it hangin by itself and your fine.

admiral piettcan pull and admirals order or merrejk and is an admiral so adds a destiny with imperial command

admiral chiraneauadds 1 to drain at endor and fondor whil on your destroyer and gets another destiny with command

mara jadeto hold the endor docking bay or go to their sites

lord vaderto hold the E bay or to go to their sites

at-st pilotsdraws a destiny if not able to on a atst and adds one to attrician

dengar with gunjust plain awesome. fires his +1>ability weapon twice.

commander merrejkto fly your destroyer and pull your two systems

colonel davod jonawesome at the endor bay cause he’s power 5 and draws a destiny if not able to otherwise

battle deploymenthurts me all the time cause i dont have starfighters i know, but still an asset to this deck cause 1, i can pull my scouts out, and 2, i usually have less starships(but more powerful ones) at a system, so they have to be power -2 for all of them, dont put it down so fast.

ominousdrain +2 at my two systems

early warning networkdeploy on bunker or XDB, can react by deploying a starship to either endor system or flag x’s location

lateral damageto give a beatdown on a lone or powerful starship

battle orderstart on rst or ebo cause rst has weak space and you can keep them off endor system, and if you are playing a straight up swam ebo with few mains they wont get the site

somthing special planned for themgreat against decks that deploy, hit and the run away

secret planshopfully stops most of their retreval if they dont pay attention(which happens most times)and dont leave fore enough to retrieve

oppresive enforcementif you imperial commands get sensed they go to used pile, and also my vsd’s are destiny 3

monnoki put it in just for my ares excessive ebo’s, great for killing off early x-wings that they hold while they set up

twi’lekto pull my effects

imperial commandsto pull my admirals and to add a destiny in space

imperial arrest orderto grab my bays i need for fast activation, and to give me forfeight bonus’ and to prevent leids beatdowns


STRATEGY

as you can probably tell the main idea for this deck is to get some heavy drains in space, while givin them a very hard time on land.  there is also a little tech with the admirals and commands, and the early warning network on the xdb.  but anywase, you basicaly set up ominouse and take control of you two endor sites, the reason i only put 2 in is because i only play 2 systems other than endor, and i just gain dominant control at those so i can drain for 10 in space and then drop the rest of my fleet at their systems to slow them down.  so heres how i do it

TURN 1pull flax x before you activate, if you got a imperial command pull piett before you activate, the pull your docking bay during your deploy phase, make it executor DB. drop piett to the executor docking bay if you got him.  drop everything else to the endor docking bay.

AFTER TURN 1after you got your turn 1 set up, if you got piett out turn 1, use his game text to pull merrejk during opponents turn(if you have him in hand pull battle deployment).on you turn you have a possibility of getting 10 force if you control executor and endor docking bays, so deploy your merrejk to bunker, take fondor from deck, deploy it then executor to it then move piett to the bridge and draw whats left unless you have somthin you can deploy to your bay you should have pulled or endor bay.  after you have your last bay out and somthin at each for the activation, you will have enough force to really put a strangle-hold on the galaxy, deploy enough for a destiny draw at each unoccupied system, then load them with power at systems they occupy.  bye about turn 4 you should be all set up and just strenghtening your force each time.  carry on like this and get your drains going strong.  also remember that your tempest scouts can react for 1 additional force to a battle or force drain, so you should leave force in pile to suprise them for a beatdown.

MATCHUPS
rstdoes great aggainst rst cause they cant get close air support up, and they can get away from your atst/jedi’s.  keep endor overloaded with starships so they dont think about it and go light on rendeli and fondor.  when they cant get close air support or decent drain(and they have to pay 3 for their drains cause of battle order) they will know that the game is pretty much over.

ebobest ls deck, very tough, but do-able.  try to catch their 2 wings with incom they usually leave at a system and swarm them and then move even more over because they will have to use +2 for each to move away and might not notice that until they have used to much force.  also try to just occupy their systems cause all your things have high forfeit so they dont get their drains.  also think about dropping a jedi with combat vehicles to hoth and moving in just to distract them and put another thing on their mind and have to ue their resources to kick you off hoth.

hidden basedont let them control systems so they cant cancel you drains on flip side. give them early heavy drains so they lose key cards, and swarm them.  when they flip, do as gillat sais in his article "mind games"(definitaly read it), ask if their hidden base systme is on table and they will involuntarily look straight at it, then go their and probe.

sorry for the great lack of matchups, but i am just not very good in that are, but hopfully it will be better next time.  constructive criticism please, not just saying you dont like it and giving me a low rating, give me reasons so i can improve, i am not a stuck up arrogent player who thinks it automaticaly deserves 5, i want to improve and get better.  thank you and happy playing, zach"spirajira"cute


'