---
layout: archive
author: ! Jonathan "Soma" Morse
title: ! "Excessive Vilification"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-18
description: ! "E as in Excessive, V as in Vilification, 9D9 as in drain for 14.  Now this deck may seem unconventional and odd to the untrained eye, but I assure you the combination of drain power with unexpected battle power, multiple counters, and huge late game retre"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations 5
Tat JP (start)
JP AC
JP Dungeon
JP Droid workshop
CC Incinerator

Characters 26
Excessive Vilification (EV9D9) x3
EG6 (power droid) x2
R4M9 x12
IG88 with riot gun
4LOM with Concussion Rifle
ORS x2
DVDLOTSith
EPP Darth x2
GMTarkin x2

Creatures 1
Bubo

NCC-1701-D type things 4
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dreadnought
Bossk in HT
Boba in SI

Effects 4
Sec Prec
Broken Concentration(start vs. MWYHL)
Reactor Terminal
Bad Feeling Have I(normal start)

Interrupts 20
Sense x4
Alter x4
Torture
Stunning Leader x2
Abyssin O x2
Elis x2
Hutt Smooch x2
Twi Lek x3


'

Strategy: '

I am incredibly demoralized.  I just typed out a huge strategy section for this deck, and it was erased.  As such, it is hard for me to type it all again with equaled enthusiasm, but I will try.  I apologize if the explanation is too long, but I do want to be thorough so that people understand every aspect.  Please don't comment on the deck if you don't read the whole strategy.  Thanks boys-

First of all, do not be deceived into thinking that the focused nature of the deck creates sizable weaknesses.	In fact, many of the criticisms one would give this deck in fact are not problems at all.  This fact is obscured however by the extra layer of complexity the deck contains.

For instance, one may think that this deck has bad activation, but that would be wrong  Start with Tat JP, and pull out the droid workshop first.  (The chance of someone playing careful planning to convert your JP is very slim in my estimation, so I don't worry about it.)  The workshop allows all of your droids to go down for -1, so you can drop most of them for free.  (By doing this, Grimtaash is not a problem as one might think, because you never have duplicates of the droids in your hand because they go down so quickly.)  Next pull out the dungeon and place it between JP and the workshop, to make it harder for them to move over to it to block drains.  Put the AC by TJP to not shorten the trek.

Also, the first few turns you really do nothing but drop droids for free and draw, thus the small activation at the beginning is offset by the free droid deploy.  The massive drawing and little spending makes it seem like you are activating much more  This deck can drain for four on the second turn, and the ever increasing drain (and its speed) is another factor that dispels weaknesses.	For example, this deck makes the opponent lose force extremely quickly and early, thereby causing the opponent to lose cards from the reserve, hopefully thereby making them lose integral cards, like systems for HB or something comparable.	It also allows you to see what kind of a deck they are playing early by viewing what they lose starting right away.

As for the primary criticism that this deck relies only on one drain, well, that's obviously the focus, but it is not dependant on this.  First of all, most decks will be way too slow to give you trouble early.  For instance HB will never get going fast enough to cancel your drains with the objective.  If they play Den of Thieves or Rebel Fleet, or something comparable, I have four alters and four senses to stop it.  The start of Bad Feeling severely slows down your opponent early on, meanwhile they are losing huge amounts of force from this unexpected and unanticipated strategy.  Battle Plan doesn't hurt at all, because you're only draining in one spot.  I could be worse would cost them too much, and can also easily be sensed.

If they start MWYHL, drop Broken Concentration for a starting, and drain like mad.  You'll be able to get in some serious drains before they pass test 1.  Often if it is a battle deck, they will never be able to get past test 1.  All out test decks can, but they will be crippled from the significant early loss.

In the unlikely event that the opponent gets someone to the workshop to stop your drains, you have several options.  Do not keep ability there (workshop), because you don't want them battling you there and killing EV.  Once they are there, you can drop IG or an ORS (which you can pull out with Abyssin O or the AC text) and battle them and play Stunning Leader.  They will never see this coming, and it can be absolutely crippling.  It can end the game right there.  They will always underestimate the power of droids, which actually can be quite high.

Or, instead you can just drop the CC incinerator and elis over there during the control phase and drain there.	Ouch  If they try an undercover spy, two Hutt Smooches and a Bubo will take care of that.  Torture is for numbers, and can be pulled out with EV 9D9 text, which also lets you pull out the two power droids, which is very nice.

Your opponent may very well spread out since they think you're just draining.	About that time you can drain for 10, then elis over all the droids with Vader and Tarkin and the boys will lay it all down.  Watch for the opportunity to end the game in one big battle.  BUT  That's not it  At the end of the game, use Abyssin O.  This card is not only awesome since it pulls out the ORS to use as pilots or for ability to battle with Stunning Leader, but at the end you can play Abyssin O to retreive 12 force with R4M9  This is HUGE  It's immense late game retreival  Which means that this deck also wins by big margins, despite the appearance that you're wasting a lot of cards by putting all those droids down.

Do not underestimate how unexpected this deck will be.	Many players will become flustered early and not know what to do.  After four or five turns they will have probably lost so much force they won't know what to do.  Believe me, this deck is out of control.  Commence the Vilification
'