---
author: jeff "kazper" kasper
title: Hidden EBO version 1.2
side: Light
date: 2000-11-19
description: Thank you for all the reviews thusfar.

I’ve tested the ebo portion, and it’s
working.

I’ve made a few minor adjustments
after reading your comments.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Hidden Base Obj
your hidden base system
Staging Areas
Strike Planning
Wise Advice
Heading for the Medical Frigate

Locations (12)
Chandrilla
Corulag
Mon Calamari
Sullust
Hoth
Hoth:Echo Docking Bay
Hoth:Echo Med Lab
Hoth:War Room
Hoth:North Ridge
*Hoth:Main Power Generators x3

Characters (13)
Mon Mothma
Luke Skywalker x2
Han w/blaster
Leia w/blaster
Lando w/axe
Wedge Antilles
Figrin Dan
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Ishi Tib
Arcona
Green Squadron Pilot
Gray Squadron Y-wing Pilot

Effects (5)
Echo Base Operations
A New Secret Base
Bacta Tank
Incom Corporation
Whatre You Trying To Push On Us

Interrupts (12)
Organized Attack
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
The Signal x3
Hyper Escape
Houjix x2
Sense
Alter
Gift of the Mentor
*Tunnel Vision

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wans Lightsaber
X-wing Laser Cannon

Starships (9)
X-wing x3
*Green Squadron A-wing x2
Libery
Spiral
Gold Leader in Gold 1
*Red Leader in Red 1 

Strategy: 

The changes I made were:  Tunnel vision for a main power generator, two green squadron a-wings for the mon cal cruisers, and red leader in red 1 for home one.

While testing, I realised this deck is generating
massive force.	I tried to get two tunnel
visions in, but couldn’t do it.  I took out the big ships because the threat of hidden base and ebo combined is enough to scare any opponent that
hasn’t seen your deck, or even those who have.

I’m keeping Obi and Obi stick in for two reasons,
immunity to attrition and force drain bonus.

I’m keeping sense instead of changing it for an
alter because the sense can still cancel a sense.

Keeping the arcona because i can protect them
with sense and houjix and can grab them with
chimes to set ebo up.

I would like to get anakin’s saber in just in
case i can get drains under the shields.

Don’t forget about gift of mentor for finding
saber, or for adding destiny.

Best case scenario for ground attack gives
you 6  destiny and 19 power with obi, luke, leia,
and lando.

Last time I tested this deck, I got ebo up on
the second turn.

Strategy:

get mothma before you activate.

when getting a system your first turn,
look to see if you have(if not in hand):
1)A new secret base
2)The signal
3)Main Power Generators
4)4th Marker

If you have tunnel vision in your hand and
need one of these cards that aren’t appearing
in your reserve deck, use it if you need.

Do your best to keep all activity on hoth.
You can drain for two in best case.

When you have one or both houjix in hand, spread
out.

Any interupt or effect you get cancled, goes
back into your used pile with wise advice.

not playing endor because if i’m not mistaken,
it won’t be a battlefield.

would like to use another general, but mostly
using it for mothma and her making ebo easier
to ’flip’.

How tough would it be to play against
a flipped hidden base objective with ebo up
and running?  It’s very possible here.

Thanks for the reviews!
Maybe I can start reviewing now too!


