---
author: Lewis "Duke Devil" Blake
title: Is it Lunchtime in the Rancor Pit Already?
side: Dark
date: 2000-07-03
description: If you haven*t guessed by now, this is a court deck which plays off of the feeding aspect of the objective while having draining as a backup plan.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

 STARTING(6)
COTVG/ISEWYD
T: Pit of Carkoon
JP: Audiance Chamber
JP: Dungeon
Twilek Advisor
Scum and Villany

 LOCATIONS(4)
Tatooine
T: Cantina
JP: Rancor Pit
Spaceport Docking Bay

 CHARACTERS(18)
Darth Vader with Saber
Mara Jade with Saber
Jabba the Hutt
Boba Fett(CC)
Fett with Blaster
IG-88 with gun
Dengar with gun
4-LOM with gun
Zuckuss
Bane Malar
Jodo Kast
Chall Bekan
Ephant Mon
Gailid
Kithaba
Myo
WED15-17 Septoid Droid

 CREATURES(2)
Bubo
Rancor

 STARSHIPS(4)
Fett in S1
Bossk in HT
Dengar in P1
Zuckuss in MH

 VEHICLES(1)
Jabba*s Sail Barge

 EFFECTS(9)
All Wrapped Up
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
No Bargain
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Vader*s Cape
We*re the Bait

 INTERRUPTS(15)
Sense
Alter x2
Ghhhk
Hidden Weapons
Hutt Smooch
Lone Warrior
Nevar Yalnal
Torture
Trap Door x3
Twilek Advisor x2

 WEAPONS(1)
Mara*s Saber


Strategy: 

Alright there are a few things I would like to say first off:
 1: please do not tell me what to put in and not what to take out
 2: Jabba is there for activation, it can be critical at times.  He can also draw a destiny, has high forfeit, and makes other aliens have higher forfeit
 3: if you tell me to take out Mara Jade I will kick you.  Yes someone actually told me to take her out last time.
 4: Vader is there for surgical strikes.  SCUM IS NOT CANCELED IF HE IS DEPLOYED ONLY SUSPENDED.  drop, battle, slash the offending card, and forfeit him to keep scum active.


Ok anyways here goes the strategy

 START
Pretty obvious.  Scum and Villany speeds up your deck, the objective 1) makes opponent lose, makes your hunters forfeit +2, lets you deploy docking bays and independent starships, and makes your hunters immune to goo nee tay.

 LOCATIONS
ok these are pretty self explanatory.  Pull the docking bay first turn, and while you are in there see if Mara is there to be pulled from deck to AC.  Tatooine is for battle order, and the pit is for feeding.  there are 5 battlegrounds for resistance to take effect, I can have 3 out my first turn if I pull the docking bay.

 CHARACTERS
Like I said earlier Vader is not meant to stay on the table long.  he and mara will probably be the main powerhouses on tatooine with the numerous bounty hunters to help battle and capture.  Fett and Jodo can use hidden weapons, and Iggy can also capture.  All bounty hunters have a forfeit of at least 5 when front side of obj is up, and septoid droids are good attrition fodder.  Ephant Mon is good against Artoo/gift/undercover spies, and Mara can use Nevar Yalnal.  Myo has good power/forfeit and regenerates, Kithaba prevents beatdown from high ability mains.

 CREATURES
Bubo can go to Dagobah to take out annoying green mentors(possibly), and can also eat annoying things like talzs and eloms.  Rancor, well lets just say he is getting pretty hungry:)

 STARSHIPS
This deck offers the best of the independent fleet.  They can get battle order moving and keep it moving, as well as hold their own on Tatooine.

 VEHICLES
Jabba*s barge is awesome.  aliens deploy -1 aboard(when combined with scum and Chall, it*s -3), and it has power 5.  I figure I do not need skiffs, b/c there are only 2 exterior sites and I am not sarlacc feeding.

 EFFECTS
All Wrapped up makes capturig much easier, while No Baragin and Bad FEeling have I makes main beatdown harder.	Battle order is cool against all kinds of decks, and IAO prevents Nabraun beatdowns.  Reactor Terminal is just one of the most awesome cards out there, and Resistance is against odds.  Vader*s cape boosts up the somewhat low battle destinies, and We*re the bait was just to fun to leave out.

 INTERUPTS
Sense and alter will never die, although I do not have enough to win a war with them.  THey are there to get rid of nasty effects like bargaining table or bacta tank, or interrupts that could add a battle destiny.  Ghhhk prevents beatdowns, hidden weapons is an easy way to hit/capture people, Hutt Smooch and Nevar Yalnal are anti spy tech, Lone Warrior adds that extra destiny, Torture is fun as a used or lost interrupt, Twilek pulls the effects, and I hope you can all guess why trap door is there.

 WEAPONS
gee, lets think about this one.  I hope no explanation is necessary for the weopons section for your sake not mine:)

Sorry this was long but with all of the BS some people give me I felt I needed to do some explaning.
