---
layout: archive
author: ! Andrew "JohnnyUnitas" Carson
title: ! "Hunt Down And Duel The Jedi"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-27
description: ! "This deck is created using most of the ideas outlined in Chris 'Kusanagi' Holmes. It's pretty straight forward if you've read his article, 'Preparing For Hunt Down'. I suggest you read the article before looking at this deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1) Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Epic Event (1) Epic Duel

Locations (6)
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Landing Platform
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber

Characters (16)
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Jodo Kast
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
R2-Q2
Djas Puhr
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Starships (3)
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Effects (11)
Presence Of The Force x2
Reactor Terminal x2
Visage Of The Emperor x3
Bad Feeling Have I
Secret Plans
First Strike
Crush The Rebellion

Interrupts (20)
Nevar Yalnal
Masterful Move
Elis Helrot x2
I Have You Now x2
Force Field x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Vader's Obsession x2
Evader x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Monnok x2
Sniper
Focused Attack



'

Strategy: '

This deck is very simple. It uses most of the strategies listed in Chris 'Kusanagi' Holmes' article. Start with the proper cards and gain control of Endor with your bounty hunters while flipping the objective with your mains. You need to completely control Endor so you'll have a safe haven to take your mains back to if it begins to look too hard to kill your opponent's mains. The Another way to deal with this problem is to move some hunters to back your mains up. The easiest way to kill enemy mains is to use Vader, Mara, and Tarkin to invade your opponent's 'base(s)' and duel or battle their mains into submission.

This deck's versatility makes it a tough opponent for most deck types. It is most effective against You Can Either Profit By This Or Be Destroyed. I gain control of the audience chamber with characters that will allow me to draw at least 2 battle destiny. I start with Mara Jade and Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle so if Han is freed and a battle is started I'll be able to draw 2 battle destiny and get two weapons shots (if I pulled Mara's saber earlier). Against Mind What You Have Learned just drain and Visage the life out of them. When Luke is done his training you can kill him with Vader OR You can get Vader on Dagobah using a Hunter's ship and start chopping up his mentors and apprentices.

'