---
layout: archive
author: ! Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: ! "a time of prophecy  awaits your destiny"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-02
description: ! "this deck uses tons of desitny adders to wipe out sites."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'(8)
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Guest Quarters
Cloud City North Corridor
Dagobah
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Yoda's Hut

(22)
Chewbacca  x1
Elom  x4
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Princess Leia Organa  x2
Pucumir Thryss	x2
Son of Skywalker  x3
Tawss Khaa

(2)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Red Leader In Red 1

(23)
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Don't Get Cocky  x2
Gift Of The Mentor  x2
I Know	x2
Life Debt  x2
Nabrun Leids  x2
Skywalkers  x2
Strangle  x2
Tunnel Vision  x3
Weapon Levitation
Lightsaber Proficiency	x2
Order To Engage

(4)
Anakin's Lightsaber  x2
Landing Claw  x2

(1)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
'

Strategy: '

the point of this deck is to wip out sites using destiny.this should be able to beat most ground decks. for charecters i have 2 plo's cause i want to kill using strangle bounty hunterss like boba and bosk and whatever. i have all the main mains for the destiny aders. i have eloms cause of desiny and power. they may want to be subsituted for bothans or spys. inturupts you have your basic big bad mains package.ships just think about landing claw. locations for activation and draining is playing against space.

against endor ops- take over their sites w/ destiny adders. if they play rumors only just make sure that they don't control a endor site. with destiny adders it shouldn't be a problem.

against #'s- basicly i have this deck for the local meta. that's why i do the strangle/ plo bit. if #'s are big i your area take put 2 plo and put in 2 don't forget the droids

against huntdown- this deck will take huntdown..take huntdown.. well down. i can't really reviel the way to beat hunt down cause people have to leatn for themselves. basicly there is a certian style of playing you must do and i think some people should find out themeselves. if you think you know what it is leave me a message and i will let you know. just remember this deck has a way of executing the game plan well so it will win this match up.

against ralitar-just save up force. this should be a hard game. you must save your force to clear sites. otherwise they will beat you. if they don't start w/ bad feeling things will be a lot eisier.if this is big in your area put in mech failures for ote and a skywalkers. this way you can compose a smack without a destiny adder.

against anything else- just clear sites. try to get a stedy drain on cc to. jsut remember your destiny adders will win you the batles that will win you the games.

if there is anything else you wont to ask me leave me a message. later '