---
author: Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: Waiting for the Wheel to Turn
side: Light
date: 2000-06-29
description: Just a fun little D*2 deck I cooked while watching the seconds pass to July 19; not expecting 5* reviews. All relevant spoilers included.
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Start (5):
Mon Calimari
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Squadron Assignments

Locations (7):
Hoth DBay
Home One DBay
Spaceport DBay x3
Kessel
Kiffex

Characters (9):
Green Leader
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Luke Skywalker
Jek Porkins
Elyhek Rue
Bren Quersey
Lieutenant Naytaan
Captain Han

Starships (12):
Green Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Red Squadron 1
R2 in Red 5
Red 6
Red 7
Red 8
Red 9
Falcon
Home One
Liberty x2

Vehicles (10):
Snowspeeder x5
Sandspeeder x5

Effects (5):
Incom Corp.
Strikeforce
Manuevering Flaps
Legendary Starfighter
Menace Fades

Interrupts (5):
The Signal x3
Out Of Nowhere x2

Weapons (4):
X-Wing Laser Cannon x3
A-Wing Cannon

Admiral's Orders (3):
I'll Take The Leader x3

Strategy: 

First for the spoilers:

Mon Calimari -
2 LS/ 1 DS icons ; parsec 6, planet system
LS: If you occupy with a Star Cruiser, opponent's Star Destroyers may not deploy here. Your Star Cruisers deploy -1 here.
DS: If you control without a Star Destroyer, force drain -1 here.

Heading For The Medical Frigate -
Used or Starting Interrupt
USED: Add 1 to your battle destiny just drawn.
STARTING: Deploy up to three effects if each of them deploys for free, is always immune to alter, and has 'deploy on table' (or 'deploy on your side of table') in its game text. Place Interrupt in Lost Pile.

Staging Areas -
Effect
Deploy on table. Your force generation is +1 at each docking bay you occupy (+2 if you control). Your non-unique Star Cruisers are deploy -1 and may deploy to a battleground system where you have a rebel starship. (Immune to Alter)

Squadron Assignments -
Effect
Deploy on table. During your deploy phase, you may reveal one unpiloted starfighter from hand to take the matching pilot character from Reserve Deck (or vice versa) and deploy both simultaneously; reshuffle. (Immune to Alter)

Home One: Docking Bay -
1 LS / 0 DS icons; Mobile site, starship,  interior, exterior, scomp link
LS: Your docking Bay transit from here is free. If you occupy, opponent may not move to this site.
DS: Your docking bay trasit from here requires 7 force. Your transit to here requires +9 force.

Tycho Celchu -
Spy. Rogue Squadron.
Power 2, Ability 2, pilot
Deploy -2 aboard Green Squadron 3. Adds 3 to power of any starfighter he pilots. When piloting Green Squadron 3 or any X-Wing, draws one battle destiny if unable to otherwise.
Deploy 2, Forfeit 4

Green Leader -
Leader.
Power 2, Ability 2, pilot
Adds 2 to power of anything he pilots. When piloting Green Squadron 1, draws a battle destiny if unable to otherwise. Adds 3 to total weapon destiny of any starfighter he pilots firing at a starfighter with lower maneuver.
Deploy 2, Forfeit 4

Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader -
Leader. Red Squadron. Rogue Squadron.
Power 3, Ability 3, pilot, warrior
Adds 3 to power of anything he pilots. When piloting, draws one battle destiny if unable to otherwise (if Red 2 also adds 2 to manuever). When in battle with another Red or Rogue Squadron pilot, once per turn may cancel a battle destiny just drawn.
Deploy 3, Forfeit 6

Green Squadron 1 -
Starfighter : A-Wing
Power 3, manuever 5, Hyperspeed 4, astromech, scomplink
May add 1 pilot. Power -1 when opponent has a starfighter present with higher manuever. Immune to attrition <4 when Green Leader piloting.
Deploy 2, Forfeit 4

Green Squadron 3 -
Starfighter : A-Wing
Power 3, Manuever 5, Hyperspeed 4, astromech, scomplink
May add 1 pilot. Power -1 when opponent has a starfighter present with higher manuever. Manuever +2 at Death Star 2 locations. Immune to attrition <4 when Tycho Celchu piloting.

Red Squadron 1 -
Starfighter : X-Wing
Power 3, Manuever 4, Hyperspeed 5, astromech, scomplink
May add 1 pilot. {DSII} Wedge deploys -2 aboard (for free if deploying to Endor). When Wedge piloting, immune to attrition < 5 and adds 6 to total when targeted by Tallon Roll.
Deploy 3, Forfeit 5

Liberty -
Capital : Mon Calimari Star Cruiser
Power 8, Armor 7, Hyperspeed 3, permanent pilot, nav computer, scomplink
May add 5 pilots, 6 passengers, 1 vehicle, and 3 starfighters. Has ship-docking capability. Permanent pilot adds 2 ability. May go to Used Pile instead of Lost Pile when forfeited (except when 'hit').
Deploy 8, Forfeit 9

Strikeforce -
Effect
Deploy on table. While you control a battleground site, your Force drain may not be modified or canceled at a system where you have a Star Cruiser or unique(@) starfighter, except by a 'react.' Place Effect in Used Pile if you lose a battle at a system.

Menace Fades -
Effect
Deploy on table. While you control any three Coruscant, Death Star and/or Death Star II locations, or any battleground site and one battleground system, all opponents Force drain bonuses everywhere are cancelled. (Immune to Alter.)

A-Wing Cannon -
Starship Weapon
Deploy on your A-Wing. May target a starfighter or squadron for free. Draw destiny. Add your starship's maneuver. Target hit if total destiny > twice target's defense value.

I'll Take The Leader -
Admiral's Orders
Unique (@) starfighters without permanent pilots are immune to attrition < 4 (or add 2 to immunity if starfighter already has immunity). Starships without pilot characters aboard are power &#8211;2. At docking bays related to systems you occupy, your Force drains are +1. Once per turn, your starfighter just lost from a system may be relocated to a related docking bay.

Whew. Alright, now that that's done, here's the strategy for the deck.

This is just a fun deck concept I thought up looking through the D*2 spoilers. There are several new cards to increase the usefulness of docking bays, adding force generation and force drains. This deck is designed to take advantage of those cards.

You start with a good system and the 3 of the 4 most important effects in the deck. Use insurrection to grab the Hoth DBay first, and use a Signal to get Incom if you have one. Use squadron assignments to deploy someone to the system either first or second turn for a quick drain. Whenever you find a new system, deploy it and grab a spaceport docking bay for it (the first goes on Mon Cal). Use your speeders to control the docking bays to activate 3 at each and drain for 2 (none at hoth, one on Home One : DBay if Home One is out). You have plenty of space power to control the systems, and the admiral's orders will help keep bounty hunter ships away. Keep Manuevering Flaps active every turn, since the speeders can still use DBay transit. If the opponent leaves themselves open, feel free to deploy a speeder beatdown. This deck won't win big, since most of the cards are on the table, but it should be fun to play in space.