---
layout: archive
author: ! Morgan "jamorg247" Dunn
title: ! "Vaders Destiny"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-23
description: ! "This is a non dueling Hunt Down deck that has only lost one game ever."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Hunt Down and destroy the Jedi x1
Epic Duel x1
Holotheatre x1
Meditation Chamber x1
Twi Lek Advisor x1
Bad Feeling Have I x1
Visage x1

Locations (6)
Downtown Plaza x1
Back Door x1
Cantina x1
Jundland Wastes x1
Moisture Farm x1
Cave x1

Characters (15)
Darth Vader x4
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Admiral Ozzel x1
IG88 with Gun x1
4LOM with Gun x1
Dengar with Gun x1
U3PO x1

Effects (7)
Visage x2
Crush the Rebellion x1
Secret Plans x1
Presence of the Force x1
Reactor Terminal x1
CHYBC x1

Interrupts (12)
I Have You Now x3
Elis Helrot x3
You Are Beaten x2
Shut Him Up x1
Force Field x1
This is Some Rescue x1
Twi lek Advisor x1
Evader x1

Starships (5)
Drednaught x2
Fett in Slave 1 x1
Bossk in Bus x1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x1

Weapons (4)
Vader’s Saber x2
Mara’s Saber x2

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1 x1
Blizzard 2 x1

Creatures (1)
Bubo x1
'

Strategy: '

Well the idea is to set up Vader with tarkin draining at a site.  Also get out Mara and saber.  The other Characters are good backup and are very powerful.  If they battle most of the time you can play I have you now or You Are Beaten.  Also, the Destiny in the deck is very good for choking and just plain destiny draws.	If you play I Have you now with Darth vader against luke you add 1 to each of the destinies.  I have had some great sucess with this deck, its only lost once and that was to a player with a 1900+ rating.  I have beaten players with 1800+ ratings a lot with this deck.  This deck is awesome and I love playing it.  I start Bad Feeling Have I to slow down their deployment of mains.  Also i start Epic Duel to make them think that I play dueling and it makes them play their obis and lukes very carefully.  When they find out that there are no duels they are sure to be frusturated.  This deck does excellent if you know how to play it and use the Tech.  Thanks.

-Morgan-
'