---
author: Clint "GameMaster" Hays
title: Deadbolt
side: Light
date: 2000-11-06
description: This is a deck I first saw being played by Jeremy Lamere.	This is the best version I’ve seen and I saw plenty of weaker versions over the weekend.  Its called Deadbolt cuz its a @#$%in lock
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations(9)
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Hoth: Echo Command Center(War Room)
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay x 3
Hoth
Endor

Characters(18)
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x 3
Luke With Lightsaber x 2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Captain Han Solo
General Calrissian
General Crix Madine
Ketwol
Leiutenant Blount
Colonel Cracken
Figrin D’an
Orrimaarko
Nien Nunb
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Commander

Starships(6)
Spiral
Artoo In Red 5
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2

Effects(10)
Haven
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Legendary Starfighter
Echo Base Operations
A New Secret Base

Interrupts(17)
Tunnel Vision x 2
Rebel Barrier x 2
Hyper Escape
Heading To The Medical Frigate
The Signal x 5
A Few Maneuvers
The Bith Shuffle
Out Of Commission
Effective Repairs
On The Edge x 2


Strategy: 

In case you can’t read all the way to the end I’ll explain something to you right now.  The docking bays get retrieved every time you exchange them.  This is done using draw their fire, on the edge, and figrin.

PROXY MAN IS A FUCKING MORON


This is a very intricate deck that works all by itself to beat the opponent.  The deck plays the same in almost every single game regardless of what deck type you are playing against.  There is no plan of attack needed to beat any single deck.  This is somewhat similar to Yavin IV in that you react to what the opponent does.	However, this deck is very capable of winning a non-interactive game where the opponent doesnt give you anything to do.


You will want to start with strike planning and squadron assignments against everything.  if you are playing against a deck that generally runs SAC then you’ll start do or do not.  otherwise you will start battle plan.

If you dont draw ansb or the signal in your opening hand you will wait until you activate turn 1 and then search for a general.  If you find that the signal and/or ansb is in the force pile you will get 2 generals.	Otherwise get 1 and repeat on the following turn.

You will always search for the war room and the echo corridor the first turn you get ansb out unless you have them in your hand.  you will deploy madine the first time you have 3 available force and you will search for a scout.  Ketwol is first but get blount if ketwol isnt in there.  The next turn you will get ebo and the docking bay with ansb and the other scout you dont already have.  Deploy ketwol to the innermost site and use squadron assignments to deploy blount on tala 2 at the hoth docking bay and deploy ebo.

If you have drawn figrin before this point you will use him to flip instead of blount.

The next turn you will have to make a decision.  If you’re ready to go to space(you need at least 1 evasion card if not 2...barrier, spiral, or hyper escape) then you will pull hoth out and fly blount up.  Don’t forget you can always hyper escape to the docking bay.	If you’re not ready to go to space you will pull endor.


Regardless of what effect you start with you will always signal for cards in this order...

ANSB
DTF
Frozen Assets
Battle Plan

The other effects you will signal for depending upon the situation.  Also you may want to get legendary before battle plan in some games in the event that the opponent comes to space early.

The ideal setup is blount on tala 2 at hoth and wedge on red squadron 1 at endor.

Hold the Falcon until you can drop and pull off legendary.  You will not always stick to this strategy as sometimes you may not have another ship and you need to drain, but you will do this 90% of the time.

Eventually all of the low destinies disappear from your deck and the epps become machines.  You will drop and battle with them to hit anybody with a saber and draw a high destiny.  Use them wisely and most often against a lone character.

With Ketwol’s ability this deck becomes broken.

Frozen Assets will be deployed on every single turn of the game once you are ready.  Each time it is lost you will simply exchange a docking bay from your hand to get it back.  The effective repairs is in there in case frozen or one of your other key effects gets buried.

Many times the opponent will not want to commit early.	Many players will activate and save 8-10 force to wait and punish you when you come down.  This is a key mistake against this deck.  With frozen they will never be able to save force from one turn to the next.  I once had about 30 force frozen on one player.

The docking bays are also used to retrieve your on the edges.  You will be able to track multiple high destinies toward the midgame.  At this point you will track one of them and play on the edge.  You will then exchange the docking bay from your hand for on the edge.  You will then activate to the other destiny and play on the edge again.  This sometimes happens for 11 force on 1 turn with 1 on the edge.  Of course you will then try to battle to get the on the edge back.  If not you have 2 on the edges you can cycle them that way.  You will also use figrin to retrieve but you have to be careful when the lost pile is large.  You do not want to lose the docking bays or the frozen assets.

With Frozen assets and draw their fire the opponent will never be able to play an interrupt during a battle you initiate.  This is unbelievably good.  You automatically beat ties because of this.  You also never have to worry about barrier.  The only deterrant to this is something to get around Frozen assets but not many people are playing these cards...yet.


There are only 2 or 3 possible variations of this strategy I have listed.

Against bhbm you will give him jedi luke.  Your destinies should be good enough to win your fair share of duels.

Against huntdown and possibly endor ops you will use your spy to gain access to his site(holotheatre or bunker).


Have fun with the deck and remember Ketwol is a machine.



Clint ”GameMaster” Hays

