---
layout: archive
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "HEBO Hidden Echo Base Operations"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-10
description: ! "what it says...  this deck has royaly kicked the tail of most decks it has playtested against.  Very few weaknesses and very many strengths.  I like what this deck does even in the face of security precautions."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'You will notice this cardlist is only 59 cards.  The final card, a duplicate system of your choice is left out and at your discression.  I advise changing it fairly regularly.

Starters(4+ a hidden base)
Hidden Base
(your system of choice)
Rondevous Point
The Dignal
Rebel Fleet

Characters (10)
BoShek
Captain Han Solo x2
Geezum
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Luke Skywalker
R2-D2 (Artoo-Detoo)
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x2
Wedge Antilles

Effects (10)
Echo Base Operations x2
Haven
Incom Corporation
Kessel Run x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
S-Foils

Interrupts (9)
All Wings Report In
Organized Attack x3
Punch It
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated

Locations(11)
Coruscant
Hoth
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Med Lab
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Kessel
Kiffex
Ralltiir
Tibrin

Starships (15)
Millennium Falcon x2
Red 2
Red 5
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV
X-wing x8

'

Strategy: '

Comment to reviews so far  GEEZUM, look at him.  If at an exterior site during your control phase may use 2 force to take a related site into hand from reserve deck.  You are activly tracking the cards in the force pile every turn, it is not difficult to find either echo sites, or Geezum and the docking bay.

MORE comments to reviews  OMDH, not very useful when I have to add three cards and or switch out just to attempt it.  Besides, corusacnt is in the deck to slow down the opponent.  As for Leia, she is already in the deck (Boushh) and serves my purposes better in that form.  I don't go to ground except to put out echo base operations, then the pilots return to the sky.  They are not succceptable to beatdown via Elis if you deploy the sites in the right order (energy shield first, besides that, I normally hold all the Echo sites in hand and deploy them in one turn.  YOU CAN NOT TAKE OUT THE 4th MARKER.  EBO sets up on the power generators, and a marker beyond 3 must be deployed to also deploy the generators.  Deck is not meant to fight on the ground at all.	Hence up to 4 canceled drains per turn(HB, Fleet, Boushh), and a way to diminish those(POAS) that you can't cancel.  the cards I am considering droping are Red 5, R2-D2.  Luke is a better than Comm Luke for lower deploy, freedom of deploy and the extra force he activates for not being on tatooine.

on to the strategy

Typical HB start, rebel fleet to stop early drains and deploy systems like mad, also helpful in this are the two POAS and the Boushh.  Keep drawing untill you find your echo sites, main power generators or an exterior site and Geezum(or track them since you get to scan your reserve deck every turn anyway).  Also there to slow down most decks is coruscant, and I have been known to trade out a haven for a Goo Nee Tay.  With both in effect your opponents deploy is severely restricted, thus slowing the game down considerably.
Once you have what you need in hand to set up EBO, start deploying it all under the shield.  If you get Geezum in the docking bay early, the game is yours.  That way you pull out Echo sites and the realted generators very quickly.
In a typical game I try to flip and deploy EBO in the same turn(usually about turn 3-5, depending on how effectively you drew systems) which really isn not that difficult with some solid tracking.  Control the DB with an X-wing if nessicary and if you see no characters in the deck whilst you search for planets, draw up.
Under perfect conditions (ie no opponent space presence+a big jump and spread out) this deck can drain for 5(Coruscant)+ 5(Kessel)+ 4(Kiffex)+ 3(Hoth)+ 3(Tibrin)+ 3(Raltiir)= 26 in a single turn. Big. Hurts. Ouch.  If you've drained for a total of 0 up to this point this drain is a 2 turn kill.
Even agianst resistance the drain for 2 at 5 systems is hard to take, and with S-Foils, Incom Corp and Organized Attack... those power 6, ability 2, deploy free, force drian canceling, non unique so they are ready for All Wings X-wings are wonderful for swarming a system, in pairs.

Yes, I know about Security Precautions.  I have a few of my own so don't consider it a dead deck just because of one card.
Yes, I know about The text of TFHGOOTU, that's why there is a luke and leia is undercover.

some combos
Rebel Fleet+ EBO+ Incom Corp+ S-Foils+ Haven+ Organized Attack= Ouch time.
   An opponent made the mistake of deploying the Executor, piloted to the haven to combat the Falcon with Capt. Han and a freighter Captian. Punch It made the falcon immune, I drew 4 destiny but not very high, he drew a 5 so power about even... he lost the pilot.  My turn I dropped 4 X-wings, used S-foils, drew 3 5s.
   24(Xwings)+3(EBO)+8(falcon total)+ 15(destiny)=50 to 12
Raltiir Freighter Captian+ Raltiir+ Red 2+ Kessel Run= 10 retrieval per run
8 X-Wings+ All Wings= 8 Retrieval(once per game though, use this only for retrieval so it doesn't get snagged)


any advice you can give will be appreciated
for specific play questions, send me a message...  member name Gand
read it all then review it.

thanks and may the Force be with you.

Gand

'