---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "Just Bring It                Ver  1 1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-01
description: ! "A Very Powerful BHBM Deck. I roiginally got this idea from Alex Tennet’s The Emperor’s hand."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)
Just Bring It/ Finally The Rock Has Come Back To Cincinnati.
Your Destiny
Insignificant rebellion
Throne Room
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob. Points
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations (7)
Rendili
DS2 Docking Bay
Executer Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Ewok Village
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Cantina

Characters (20)
Emperor Palpy
DVDLOTS x2
Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
M’iiyoom Onith x4
Colonel Davod Jon
Captain Sarkli
Boba Fett with blaster
Captain Godherdt
Jabba the Slut
Admiral Ozzel
Djas Puhr

Starships (4)
Chimaera
Bossk in HOunds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar In PUnishing One

Weapons (2)
Vaders Stick
Maras Stick

Effects (5)
S+D
Reactor Terminal
Lateral Damage
Sec. Precautions
Emperors Power

Interrupts (14)
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x3
Alter x3
Sense x3
Twilek Advisor
Imperial Barrier
Id Just As Soon Kiss A Wookie '

Strategy: '

Ok First off i just want to mention that i Got this idea from The Emperors Hand, So dont rate it bad because of this. I changed The playing Style to fit me though.

First Turn
Pull Rendili, Pull DS2 Docking Bay (or executer Docking Bay if thats in your hand), Pull Emperor, Pull Emperors Power. Deploy Emperor to Docking Bay. Let them go. draw if there is any force left over. If opponent gives you 3 force also deploy Miyoom.

Second Turn
Deploy Endor Docking Bay, and Hopefully Vader There. Hopefully if you have enough force scan there hand with miyoom. Draw any leftover force or deploy characters if you dont suspect a beatdown.

After That you are set for the game. Just use Miyoom every turn and if they have any dangerous doubles use a monnok. Force Drain at the two good sites, and make them lose force fromyour destiny. If they give you luke WIn Battles Fast, annd take him up to emperor so taht you can dual him and make him lose 3 force. this deck runs lke a machine and it seems rather good to me.

Now on to the reasons for specific cards
Id just as soon kiss a wookie- this card is amazing. It has saved me many times. My favorite was when i used it to return obi to someones hand then barrier leia, and battle a lone han.

Barrier- Same as above.

Masterful Move- Recyclable 6’s that let you get out monnok.

Monnok- deal with those Dastardly Doubles (sounds like the old batman doesnt it)

Sarkli- a great card. can help you win many games. broken

Miyoon- Duh....prolly one of the most broken cards in the game. what was decipher on when the made this.

Matchups
tigih
Deploy vader. sarkli to hut. stop everything that they trown at you. win.

Profit
tough. start mara, and fett. deploy vader,and his goonies. stop everything. win.

MWYHL
Dont deploy a battle ground. use miyoom to get rid of that impending main beatdown. then deploy. if they play doubles get rid of them. S+D will wear them down. win.

HB
Deploy Rendili. Battle there ships with your superior destinies. use lateral damage. probe. sec precs. win.

QMC
Not much of a problem. just hold them off. WIn.

Thats it. i hope you like my deck. any help would be great

PEace

Alex '