---
layout: archive
author: ! Matt "Darth Con" Ward
title: ! "Court of Darth Con  Dark Lord of the Sith"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-19
description: ! "My Court deck that I have had forever, but I have recently changed. Yub-Yub"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective Court of the Vile Gangster

Characters
Chal Bekan
Iggy with gun
Jodo Kast
Mara x2
Boba with gun x2
Ephant Mon
U-3PO
4-lom with gun x2
Beolo
Djas Puhr
Dengar with gun
Jabba the hutt
Zuckuss
Danik jerriko
Galid
Dr. E.
Cloud city engineer
 Jabba

Locations
TatooineGreat pit of carkoon
Jabbas palaceaudience chamber
Jabbas palacedungeon
Tatooinecantina
Tatooinedocking bay 94
Tatooinejunland wastes
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace

Weapons
Mara’s stick

Interrupts
Jabba’s through with you x2
None shall pass x2
Twi’lek advisor
Hidden weapons x2
Imperial barrier
Projective telepathy x2
Prepared Defenses
Elis Helrot
Hut Smooch
Sniper
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?

effects
No Bargain
Scum and villainy x2
 Oppressive Enforcement
Secret plans
 You Cannot Hide Forever
Disarmed
Search And Destroy
First strike
There is No Try

Creatures
Bubo(Go Bubo)

Ships
Bossk in Boat
Zuckuss in Boat
Dengar in Boat
Ig-88 In Boat
'

Strategy: '

First I have to thank the author of Invincible Court, Steven Lewis, for most of the ideas.

Strategy
Ok, ya start with Court, the sites that come with, Prepared Defenses, No Bargain, Opp. Enforcement, and There is no try.

Get bounty hunters out and force drain until they try to stop you then go into full batte mode. Use cards like hidden weapons to hurt them real bad.

With Dengar, Zuckuss and Iggy make sure you put them where they are needed most air or space. Be reasonable if your playing Hidden Base put the ship to “probe.”

I love Bubo. (you know what I mean) He eats most low-priced characters for lunch scouts, troopers, pilots, ect.
GO BUBO







Match Up Time
Here are the decks that I can think of right now

Hidden Base
take YCHF instead of No Try and then pull out Search and Destroy
Force drain and use S+D and Court to deal out damage.
Probe hidden base with your ships and you probally win

Pofit Pull Jabba and Chal(remember ya get Engineer)
Convert the chamber with engineer and forcify The chamber
They will come soon…kill…………..

MWYHL Sec. Plans instead of Opp. Enforcement, YCHF instead of No Try.
YCHF gets S+D
Drain fast, and Draining and S+D will probally kill most of their assets.
Then  they will attack. You then defend.

TIGIH Don’t let Luke get to Mara or ya will die.
Kill Luke with 4-Lom, disarmed, and hidden wepons.

RST You win Bubo hungery. EAT EAT EAT EAT
Then use the Hunters to well… hunt.

That’s about it. THANKS








'