---
author: Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: Frank's Jedi Testing
side: Light
date: 2000-07-25
description: I played Jedi Testing before this new school stuff came out.  This Jedi testing deck is hard to play but it wins.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (7)
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Dagobah
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Kessel

Characters (12)
Artoo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoda

Starships (3)
Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (16)
Don't Forget The Droids  x3
Heading For The Medical Frigate
I Thought They Smelled Bad On The Outside
It Could Be Worse  x3
On The Edge  x4
Strangle
The Signal  x2
WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW!

Effects (12)
Battle Plan
Honor Of The Jedi  x2
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
The Way Of Things
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
Undercover
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice

Weapons (2)
Ewok Catapult
Intruder Missile

Devices (1)
Bionic Hand

Jedi Tests (6)
A Jedi's Strength
Domain Of Evil
Great Warrior
It Is The Future You See
Size Matters Not
You Must Confront Vader

Unknown Type:
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can 

Strategy: 

Starting : Dagobah, Mind What You Have Learned, Heading For The Medical Frigate, Battle Plan, Wise Advice and the Way of Things.

Ok first off, you won't ever see the true power of this deck until you play it, or see somebody good play it.	This deck is a monster.  Don't let it fool you.  I used to play a train to 5 deck before DS2 ever came out and it was very good.  Its a hard deck to play, a lot of things that you have to remember.

First turn : Pull Yoda's Hut and plop down Yoda.  Deploy any other Dagobah sites you have, but hold your Kessel and your Lower Corridor.

Second turn : Grab Training Area, Luke (put him at Yoda's Hut, with Yoda), and Test 1.  Don't forget to grab a test during their turn.  Obviously you go from Test 1, to test 2 and so on.  Try to start tracking some 7 destiny cards... you'll want to find one and track it around and start drawing it for every Training Destiny.  You have 6 of them in here, shouldn't be hard.

Third turn : Attempt test 1 and get out the Jungle (on the opposite side of the Training Area, adjacent to Yoda's Hut.  Stick test 2 there, and during your move phase, see if they want to move it.  If not then move over.  If they do want to move it, just stay where you are.

Fourth turn : Complete test 2, drop test 3 on the Jungle and move over to the Jungle (or stay at the Jungle if they didn't move the test).  Bam test 3 is done because of The Way Of Things.  If they decided not to move test 3, then you could have dropped the Swamp between the Jungle at Yoda's Hut and test 4 there, then after test 3 is done you can move over to the Swamp.	If they did move it, oh well.

Fifth turn : Complete test 4, deploy test 5 on Yoda's Hut and move them over.

Sixth turn : Luke does hand stands

Seventh turn : Luke pops up, objective flips.  If you've been playing smart you have a 6 or 7 destiny card on test 5.

Drop test 6 and force the opponent to put Vader out or lose 2.	And if they do put Vader out, put Uncontrollable Fury on him.  If they put out Lord Vader, oh well drop Artoo and Undercover to that site.  Sniper?  Oh well you have It Could Be Worses and retrieval.  Drain at Kessel and at the Lower Corridor.  Remember that the destiny on test 5 can't be cancelled with Tarkin, as its really not a battle destiny, because you use that instead of a battle destiny.  On The Edges do some retrieval, and some people might tell me that retrieval is dead because of that one effect, well the fact still remains I get 18 cards back, its well worth it in my opinion.

I know atleast one person will tell me about Its Worse, its Worse does nothing when I have Jedi Test 1 done.  Its Worse is actually adding to the drain when I play It Could Be Worse on a drain.  Opponent's Force drain modifiers are cancelled.

Also, there are 2 Honor of the Jedis in here because that card is so huge in this deck.  Its Visage protection, AAA protection, Search and Destroy protection all in one.  Cancels the damage from the dark side objective too.