---
layout: archive
author: ! Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: ! "Endor Uprising check this stuff out"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-09
description: ! "fun deck to play and very fast"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Local Uprising/Liberation
Endor
Farm
Heading for the medical frigate
Your Insights serve you well
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning

Locations(5)
Rednezvous Point
Hoth War Room
Yoda's Hut
Home1 War Room
Lower Corridor

Characters(17)
Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight x2
Luke with Lightsaber
Obi with Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Han with Blaster x2
Melas
Nien Numb
Tycho Celchu
General Calrissian
Orrimaarko
Leia with Blaster
Wedge Antilles Red Squad Leader
Bousshh
Lieutenant Blount

Weapons(1)
Lukes Lightsaber

Starships(5)
Home1
Gold Squadron 1
Spiral
Green Squadron 3
Red Squadron 1

Effects(9)
Revolution x2
Wise Advice
Draw their fire
Battle Plan
Order to Engage
Frozen Assets
Honor of the Jedi
Goo Nee TAy

Interrupts(14)
The Signal x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Grimtasshh
Darklighter Spin x2
A few maneuvers x2
Punch it
Sense x3
Alter

Admirals Order(1)
Ill take the leader'

Strategy: '

Please read the strategy before rating thanks

Well this is very fast deck with lots of power and a lot of force generation.

You start off with Strike planning to cancel their Generation at Endor system.	Then pull General Calrissian out and use squadron assignments to get gold squadron 1 and deploy for 3 at Endor next turn you get a drain of 1 in space

Heres some explanation of cards in here

Wise Advice  there isnt too much room for sac stuff so i threw in this helps alot even though they cancel your stuff still you dont have to lose it.

A few Maneuvers  This right here is total tech combo  Since the Tie Laser is a preety big thing now this really helps from getting your ships cracked.  Say if they target Gold Squadron 1 with their lasers play a few maneuvers and add 2 its maneuver after they draw weapon destiny.  Then play Darklighter Spin and draw a big Battle Destiny to hopefully clear the site and with you having high immunity dont lose anything

Lower Corridor  Helps get away from Your Destiny plus drain 2 site characters with sabers are power +2 with Luke Jedi there Immune >7 and power 8 dang

Tycho Celchu  a great Spy and if with wedge can cancel a destiny.

What to do against certian decks

Raltirr ops  Try and get your first turn falcon to Ralttiir to prevent them from flipping.  Save up your force with you twix sites and drop a beatdown crew somewhere on their planet keep senses in your hand to stop their react and cause a huge force loss.

BHBM  get your first turn Gold Squad 1 out and drain.	Try to get lower corridor out and wait for him to deploy Vader and then play Luke to Lower Corridor and either sense his Elis or his Rise my friend.  Then if you have Obi and a spy in your hand and something else try to drop on emperor and kill him.. If they capture luke then try to kill vader instead of emperor.  also if they are playing a duel deck try and keep your high destinys stacked and pick your battles carefully

Tie deck  Set up a drain at your sites.  Drop battle order and order to engage.  Get a large fleet moving from site to site making them lose from your drains and order to engage.

Set your course  envade the death star and drain there.  cause even if you die there his guys are stuck.  drain in space and try to keep away from his beatdown crew.

well theres my deck try and play it sometime very fun'