---
author: Ronald "LojeNella" Rullens
title: Court/OMDH
side: Light
date: 2000-10-31
description: M&T with new SDJP objective and force retrieval with OMDH
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Agents Court/OMDH

OBJECTIVE(1):
Agents In The Court/No Love For The Empire

LOCATIONS(9):
Tatooine x2
Alderaan x2
Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route (Desert) (SL)
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Cantina
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber

CHARACTERS(16):
Ben Kenobi x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Lando With Vibro Ax
BoShek
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa (REP)
Melas
B’omarr Monk x3

WEAPONS(2):
Luke’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

STARSHIPS(2):
Millennium Falcon x2

EFFECTS(11):
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us? x2
Our Most Desperate Hour x3
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves You Well
Wise Advise
Yarna d’al’ Gargan

INTERRUPTS(19):
Heading For The Medical Fridgate
Gift Of The Mentor
Weapon Levitation x2
I Know
Alter x3
Sense x5
Transmission Terminated
The Signal
Rebel Barrier x2
Clash Of Sabers
The Bith Shuffle


Strategy: 

Strategy:

Starting location depends on what opponent plays:
1st option: JP:AC;
2nd Tatooine:JP.

Show Tawss Khaa as you REP (Species: Nimbanel).

Start with Wise Advise, Your Insight Serves You Well and a 3th of your Choice (Insurrection or Battle Plan).

Put all your characters on one site so they remain on table. Spread out later in the game or do the Cantina Shuffle.

Retrieve with OMDH and protect OMDH.

Hunt Down: Counter The Circle and Vader’s Obsession. If possible grabble and counter it.
BHBM: Give them Luke and do not engage your opponent.
RalOps: Can give it a hard time but I don’t expect it that much now.

Yes, I know, there are 2 cards which can make it hard on you: Secret Plans & Something Special Planned For Them.
