---
layout: archive
author: ! Luca "Dash Riprock" Rescigno
title: ! "Everyone s back HB/Retrieval deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-18
description: ! "Using Hidden Base, I set up big Force drains at Kessel, Kiffex, and Coruscant. I then do Kessel Runs to retrieve any Force I lose."
rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Rendezvous Point
Kessel
Kashyyyk x2
Hoth x2
Yavin 4
Ralltiir
Kiffex
Coruscant

Characters (13)
Wookiee x4
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x4
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber
Leia With Blaster Rifle

Starships (19)
X-Wing x10
YT-1300 Transport x4
Red Leader In Red 1
Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV
Redemption

Interrupts (9)
It Could Be Worse x3
Organized Attack x2
Out Of Nowhere x2
All Wings Report In
The Signal (starting)

Effects (8)
Yarna D'al Gargan (starting)
Haven
Rebel Fleet
Bargaining Table
Kessel Run x3
Bacta Tank

Objective
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers '

Strategy: '

The main goal of this deck is, like most Hidden Base decks, high Force drains. I can retrieve up to 40 Force if I don't retrieve any spent Kessel Runs, but the number is more likely to be around 20 or 25. Yarna D'al Gargan protects against Monnok. Haven goes to either Hoth or Yavin 4. Bargaining Table and Rebel Fleet allow me to block Force drains during the vulnerable time that the objective isn't flipped. Wookiees and the EPPs provide a concentrated, strong ground defense for ground decks. I'll basically swarm anything that threatens me. It works against Ralltiir Ops because it has lots of aliens. It works against Dark Side space decks as well. And if there are any attacks that really take out my guys and my Force, then I can get it back through Kessel Run and All Wings Report In. Because the EPPs have no immunity to attrition, I have the Bacta Tank to save them and the Redemption to get them back really quick. '