---
layout: archive
author: ! James "Major Jimbo" Falco
title: ! "ROPS  The way to go"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-05
description: ! "After much time a frustration, i have decided that Rops is still the strongest DS deck around and here is why."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Rops, The way to go

Objective(1)
Rallitir Operations

Locations(8)
Rallitir
Carida
Forest
Swamp
Desert
Spacport DB
Execuotor DB
DS2 DB

Characters(19)
DVDLOTS
Mara Jade
DV w/ Saber
At-St Pilot x3
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
DS-613
Lieutenant Endicott
Colonel David Jon
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
LieutenantArnet
Major Marquand
U-3PO
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
4-Lom w/ Concussion

Starships&Vehicles(13)
Blizzrd 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Fett in Slave 1
Ig-88 in IG-2000
Dengar in Punishing one
Boosk in Bus
Zuxkuss in MH
Dreadnaughtx2

Interrupts(7)
Prepared Defenses
Tramplex2
Always thinking W/ Your Stomach
Alterx2
Imperial Barrier

Effects(10)
Mobilization Points
Oppresive Enforcement
Overseeing it Personally
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Imperial Decree
Imperial Arrest Order
Empire's New Order

Admiral's Orders(1)
Battle Deployment

Weapons(1)
Mara Jade's Ls
'

Strategy: '

Now I know this may look like a plain and simple Rops deck just liek everone else plays, but it's not.  I tried to incorporate as much tech as i could in order to counter many of the great LS decks out there. Since I have taken the time to write this lengthy report please take the time to read it before reviewing. Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Now onto the strategy.

Before activating pull Cardia form your reserve deck. This can be done through Mobilization Points.  You then start with the objective, Rallitir, Prepared Defenses, Insurection, Mobilization Points, and Oppresive Enforcement do to the lack of Sac in this deck.  On your first turn you should be activation between 4-6 depending on the opponents starting location(s).	You then pull a DB using Insurrestion and site using Your objective.  I like to pull the Forest followed by the Desert and then the swamp.  First turn You should get a scrub in your hand to deploy to the DB.  If not just draw up.  Second turn pull another site and DB.  Now you should have enough activation to fortify one or both of your sites. Try to fortify them with small charaters and Tempest Scouts. Always make sure you are able to draw destiny.  You do not want to lose a big battle early.  Later in the game I like to use my heavu hitter combos to beat down on my opponent. For the next turn you basically do the same.  The object is to flip as fast as possible.  Once you have flipped the objective concentrate on taking it to your opponent.  Unless you get Overseeing it personally going there is not much drain capabilty so decide early whether you want to go to yoru opponent or let him come to you.  With the destiny adder from, teh objective battles shouldnt be hard. Just be careful with yoru starships becuase there isnt many.  Pick your battles and watch for pesky interrupts.  Here is a run through on why I selected the cards I did.

1. U-3p0- Probably the best spy in the game other than mara. Your opponent has very few ways of getting rid of her.  Plus she is two cards in one,a spy+undercover.  No longer do You have to worry about your undercover gettig altered.

2.  Battle Deployment- I absolutely love this card.  Unlike some of the other Admiral's orders, the entire card is useful. All three parts to it are great in one way or another. Firts if your opponent does not have a capital starship and a starfighter at a same sight then there starships are power minus 2. This saves alot of battles and adds even more to a beat down. In this deck i have chosen 3 starfighters and 4 capitals so it is pretty easy for you to get the combo. Next your opponent can only draw on battle destiny at sites realted to systems you occupy.  This takes care of alot of annoying M&T decks that use all those destiony adders. Finally once during each of your deploy phases you may deploy one combat vehicle form reserve deck.  This makes it much easier to control rallitir.

3. Leautenant Endicott- I use him mainly at the DB's since he deploys for free in order to get the extra activation.

4.Colonel David Jon-  A greaty character that not only works w/ insurrection, but is also ver powerful when at an exterior site.

5.Overseeing it Personally- Adds to force drains and is very easy to get going when you flip the objecytive.

6.Impoerial decree-  I use this to stop Ebo decks and decks which rely on sabers and things of taht sort.

7.Always thinking w/ Your Stomach- Not only do you cancle a for drain but you also get a chance to knock out and annoying charatcer.

8. Search and Destroy- This card comes in handy when you play Hidden base. It has one many games for me due toi tha fact that it forces them to come to the ground.

9.pires New Order- I added this card in order to deal with the New Rops killer decks which use tons of eloms. This can save a game and in some instances shut an opponent down.

10.DVDLOTS. I also use this card to take care of small annoying cards like eloms and ewoks.

'