---
author: Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: Hoostinos TIE Scoutin Deck
side: Dark
date: 2000-04-03
description: It's got TIE Scouts. It's got massive retrieval. And it's got Deuling.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (9)
Holotheater
Meditation Chamber
Wakeelmui (2x)
Kashyyk
Kiffex
Endor
Kessel
Death Star

Characters (4)
Darth Vader With Saber (4x)

Starships (19)
TIE Scout (12x)
Boba in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Dreadnaught (2x)
Death Squadron Star Destroyer (2x)

Interrupts (18)
Twi'Lek Advisor (3x)
Circle Is Now Complete (2x)
Vader's Obsession (2x)
Focused Attack (2x)
All Power To Weapons (2x)
Counter Assault (2x)
Torture (2x)
Short-Range Fighters
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Unexpected Interruption

Effects (7)
Seinar Fleet Systems (2x)
Presence of the Force (2x)
Well Guarded
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Dark Forces
Visage Of The Emperor

Epic Events (1)
Epic Deul

Objective: Hunt Down







Strategy: 

This is a nasty deck for a light side ground deck. With the super high destinies, you of course can duel and win almost every time. Try to duel as early as possible to avoid any light side deul interrupts, such as Glancing Blow.
Basically, you need to set up a presence in space so you can start retrieving. This deck can be modified for revo decks, just toss in Crush and 2 Evaders. The Death Star also helps against revo.
If you see Obi or Luke come down, be confident in your destinies and go duel. Use Unexpected Interruption to get an Obsession or whatever you need. If you are ruling in space, you should win because of the retrieval hands down. If the opponent wants a peice in space, use the power ships and set up destinies to wear them down. Also, you can do the TIE beatdown if you can find enough TIEs. A weakness may be operatives. Throw in Coruscant and Bright Center if operatives is big in your area. Also, the Counter Assaults can be deadly to operatives if they are out in the open.  And if you anticipate your opponent is playing SAC, start with Dark Forces. They won't Sense or Alter a dang thing unless they draw a site with Luke down which ain't to often. This deck may be the answer to mains if you are having problems with it. Against HB, use the TIE Scouts' 5 hyperspeed to your advantage by probing quickly and moving away to avoid getting squashed. Also, if the opponent is not playing ground, throw a Presence down on the Meditation Chamber, deploy Vader to flip your Objective, and move him over to the holotheater to avoid Visage from being cancelled and Vader from getting beat down.

Enjoy!
