---
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: Gold old choke inserts
side: Light
date: 2000-04-25
description: Artoo and friends ang out at Yavin while inserts and other little tricks do the damage.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting
1 x Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room
1 x <> Swamp
1 x <> Farm
1 x Careful Planning

Locations
1 x Rendevous Point
1 x Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
1 x Yavin 4: Massassi Ruins
1 x Yavin 4: War Room

Creatures
3 x Nudj

Characters
1 x Artoo
2 x R2-D2
6 x R2-X2

Effects
7 x Never Tell Me The Odds
7 x Anger, Fear, Aggression
1 x Traffic Control
1 x What're you trying to push on us
1 x Battle Plan
1 x Do, or do not
1 x A Gift
1 x Wars Not Make One Great
1 x Insurrection

Interrupts
7 x It Could Be Worse
3 x Surprise Assault
3 x The Signal
2 x Scomp Link Access
2 x How did we get into this mess
1 x Control
1 x Transmission Terminated






Strategy: 

The objective of this deck is to get a version of R2-D2 plus 2 R2-X2's to a site immediately and begin inserting. (Obviously, you don't need them for Anger,Fear,Aggression) Use the Signal to find Whatever Insert you need. If you're struggling to find what you need, how did we get into this mess can turn things around. You'll want to Nudj the swamp on turn 1 and the farm on turn 2 if possible, cutting off obvious routes to Yavin without elis helrot. It could be worse for anything bad.


Here is what you should do versus some strategies:

Court of the Vile Gangsta:
get a droid to tattooine ASAP and use a gift to slow them down, or stop them in some cases . Insert Numbers fast, with Anger, Fear, Agression
a nice back up. if their playing numbers too, you won't have a problem. Surprise assault any area where they have a few, low power characters.

HDADTJ/TFHGOOTU:
Visage could be annoying, so draw until you find transmission terminated. Quite a lot of hunt down decks are going to be in slight trouble if they can't battle, so numbers and it could be worse should do the job.

Imperial Occupation:
Wars not make one great will slow them down, so use signal for it early. It could be worse any big drains, and keep inserts coming. Surprise assault could be very effective here.

Space:
It will come down to a race of who loses cards the quickest, but space decks generally need quite a bit of force so Inserts should show up pretty quick. VS TIE's surprise assault could win the game if theycare normal tie fighters.

VS Everything.
Grapple Torture or Projective telepathy

Thanks for reading.



