---
author: steve "stevie B" baroni
title: Hidden Case
side: Light
date: 2000-05-31
description:  THis deck is a hidden base deck that is constantly using x wings to retrieve force and put cards back into your used pile.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
 Hidden Base/Systems will slip through your fingers
Locations (10)
 Coruscant
 Kessel
 Yavin 4 x2
 Bespin x2
 Tibrin
 Kiffex
 Endor
 Rendezvous point
Starships (22)
 Millenium Falcon x2
 X wing x14
 Red Leader in Red one
 Gold Leaderin GOld One
 X wing Assault Squadron x4
Characters (8)
 Lando Calrissian x2
 Chewbacca x2
 Captain Han x2
 R2D2 x2
Interrupts (11)
 All wings report in x2
 Life Debt x2
 Punch it x2
 The Signal x2
 Organized attack x2
 Transmission Terminated
Effects (8)
 Kessel Run x3
 Legendary Starfighter x2
 S foils
 Docking and repair facilities
 Rebel Fleet


Strategy: 

 The great part about this deck is that it is very
easy to play. It is a great deck for begginers.
SOme might say it isnt tournament quality because
it is so simple or because it has no tech but you
would be surprised about how it can win.
One of the key elemts is occupying tibrin.
This lets you have an unbelivable advantage
when it comes to accesing cards. Every card you
use whether it is a used or lost interrupt you
will have acces to it again. In the end game when
you have almost all of your x wings out and you
have already used your all wings you can loose to force
to get it back and then gain about ten more back.

 You really shouldnt be worried about ground decks becuase
once you flip the objective you can cancell 2 right there plus
the rebel fleet. Also since there are such high
force drain systems you can most likely out drain
them if they  leave you alone.

The same with Hunt down all you need to do is
leave it alone and make them come to you. You
also should always be able to canceel their
vissage since you have tibrin. IF they dont have
their objective flipped then you dont want to
cencel it since they will be loosing force also and
you have many ways of retriving force.

 One of my favorite combos is R2D2 on the faclon
this will make the hyperspeed an eight and then
you can go strait from Coruscant and drain of three
to Kessel a Drain of three.
 Well i hope you enjoyed my deck.

