---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Bulls on Parade"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-15
description: ! "This deck uses Mains and counter cards to try to shut the opponent down."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start  ( 2 )
Tatooine
Combat Readiness

Add'l Locations  ( 7 )
Tatooine  Jabba's Palace
JP  AC
JP  RP
JP  Dungeon
Coruscant
Death Star
Imperial Holotable

Characters  ( 13 )
Old Vader x2
EPP Vader
Choke Vader
GM Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Jabba the Hutt
Boelo
Dr. Evazan
4-LOM w/Pimp
EJP Dengar

Green  ( 2 )
Jade's Stick
Vader's Stick

Blue  ( 5 )
Fett in Slave 1
Bus
Vader's Shuttle
Zuck in Hunter x2

Effects  ( 9 )
Oppressive Enforcement
Hell 2 Pay x2
CBHYBC
Secret Plans
Battle Order
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions

Interrupts  ( 22 )
Masterful Move x3
Monnok x3
Alter x4
Twi'lek
I Have You Now
Elis x2
Sniper x2
Torture x2
You Are Beaten x2
Weapon Levitation
Sense  '

Strategy: '

Ah...oldschool Madness how I love thee. Well this is the beginning of a DS Counterpart to my No Shelter series from SEdition. The Sense count will begin to go up very quickly if I keep posting this deck. First I'll start with a few questions you might have  

Why 2 Hell Pays , Op Enforcement , CBHYBC , and Secret Plans when your playing a decent amount of Sense and Alter ?

>> I'm a perfectionist. Sense and Alter won't always work because of MWYHL and the decent amount of high destiny floating around in the deck. I want them to pay for it , stack it , and come out of hiding for retrieval. >>

Why no Crush the Rebellion ?

>>I won't have much to revolve or enough to hurt me and I have Alters. >>

That's pretty much the only ready questions I can see until you guys reply/review. Now how to play versus top decks 

Ops - Try to get Battle Order up quickly and try to ransack them with First Strike and Mains. Zuck and Fett can hold a Battleground system. Oh yeah I do have that extensive Monnok package which will probably be a super pain on them ( remember  First turn I'll have at least 6 generation , get AC , get high ability alien , Alter , then second turn I'll have at least 8 force for Monnok ) so Ops shouldn't be a problem unless Alters are no where to be found.

Profit - the Tatooine and JP Conversion will probably start to choke them while you'll spit out your locations very quickly. Looking at it now the two aliens I'd probably start would be Boelo and Jade. Monnok will work over their hand size and if they have doubles and are interrupt heavy as many Profit decks are you'll grapple and Alter them around a bit. Secret Plans will hopefully be up when they finally try to free Han.

HB - Security Precautions , loads of force generation , nasty starfighters , leave a decent amount of guys on the ground but try to have a good amount of space power.

MWYHL - CBHYBC and Secret Plans to stop Asteroid Sanctuary or similar junk. I haven't seen much MWYHL lately but it shouldn't be too much of a problem.

That's it for now. '