---
layout: archive
author: ! Preston "Bravo 3" Stahley
title: ! "Win BIG with EBO v2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-28
description: ! "This deck is your standard EBO with a few modifications to help you win BIG."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations [8]
Hoth North Ridge (S)
Hoth Main Power Generators (S)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth
Yavin 4
Kashyyyk

Characters [14]
Commander Evarm Lajaie
Commander Vanden Willard
Figrin D'an x2
Commander Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Hol Okand
Captain Han Solo
Princess Organa
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber
WED-9-M1 Bantha Droid

Starships [12]
X-wing x6
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x3
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Spiral

Interrupts [12]
The Signal x3 (S)
Organized Attack x3
It Could Be Worse x3
Its A Hit x2
Transmission Terminated

Effects [11]
A New Secret Base
Echo Base Operations
Echo Base Garrison
Incom Corporation
Haven
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Civil Disorder
Unconrollable Fury
Do Or Do Not
Honor Of The Jedi

Admirals Orders [1]
Concentrate All Fire

Weapons [2]
X-wing Laser Cannon x2'

Strategy: '

Well folks, if you don't know how to set up an EBO deck please check out one of the many articles here on DeckTech before you rate this deck.

starting
This deck uses EBG only if nessesary.  If your opening hand contains 2 characters (preferebly not mains) don't go for it first turn, go for EBO and War Room.	Then second turn pull your other 2 sites and deploy your characters and mabey an X-Wing to the docking bay to get EBO into effect.  Once EBO is up and running go to your systems and drain and battle while leaving all your ground based characters in the War Room.

Why this deck wins BIG
This deck makes it hard for the oppenent to deal you damage of any kind.  With 2 Projections ground drains are minimized and your force generation is great for using ICBW to reduce or get rid of whats left.	I'm not too scared of It's Worse and if it comes up I usually keep a It's A Hit in hand anyway to cancel it.  It's A Hit is just sooo good.  I mean why not keep a card in hand that cancels Counter Assault, It's Worse, Elis Helrot, Tallon Roll, Limited Resources or Scanning Crew?  Honor Of The Jedi is not only useful against Huntdown but also Court, Bring Him Before Me and other direct damage.  Combine this with the retrieval of Figrin and you will keep your lost pile very low.

Here are some other cards that make this deck different from the normal EBO.

Bantha Droid
-Yes, Bantha Droid.  Just plop him at the Docking Bay and the terrifing Lateral Damage is cancled.  Period.  No matter where it is is deployed or what it is targeting.  Your starfighters at Hoth are also immune to attrition <3.	Not bad.  Did I mention he can deploy from RD with EBG?

Princess Organa
-She is nice for this deck.  In the War Room she will add to your power at Hoth system, -1 from oppenents drains at Hoth sites, and pull your 2 other leaders from RD.

Firgin D'an
-This guys is the sh*t  He works best early in the game which is why I include 2 of him.  Retrieving 1 force a turn really adds up.

Civil Disorder
-Belive me once you get this card out they will be deploying or losing 2 force until the end of the game.  You will have a lot of ability cards on table.  To give you an idea there are 24 cards w/ ability in the deck to start with.

Concentrate All Fire
-This was added in mainly to convert your opponents AO, but you DO have 2 X-Wing Cannons and it gives them +3 power and 2 chances at hitting a pesky EBH ship like ZiMH.

This deck is undefeated except for 1 loss against a Ralops deck, probably this deck hardest matchup because with it flipped and decree set up you will be draining at your systems for 0.  Don't let them flip and if they try for Decree send your Enhanced guys down and put up a good fight.

That's about it...
If you have any questions about the deck please d-mail me.'