---
layout: archive
author: ! Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: ! "Frank s Palace"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-31
description: ! "A deck that spits out locations left and right and activates a ton of force while beating down."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Coruscant
Death Star
Imperial Holotable
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace

Characters (16)
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Nemet
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2

Starships (5)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x3
Executor

Interrupts (23)
Alter  x4
Combat Readiness
Elis Helrot  x2
Masterful Move	x2
Monnok	x2
Sense  x5
Torture  x3
Twi'lek Advisor  x3
You Are Beaten

Effects (12)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Image Of The Dark Lord
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Ok, first off, Im 5 cards fat and I need advice on what to take out.  Thats the main reason I posted the deck.

Start Tatooine Cantina and Combat Readiness for JP.  Get the AC and the Dungeon (AC first, Dungeon second) and then Masterful Move for Imperial Holotable.  Bam you have 5 locations out second turn.

The 3 Twi'leks make up for the Combat Readiness start, pull anything you need first turn.

My favorite strategy is to Twi'lek for PotF, drop Vader (or Mara) with his (or her) saber to Cantina and start draining for 4.  You can do this fairly easily 2nd turn.  Its a nice way to start out the game and usually it will go unopposed for a couple turns.

Anyway, heres the gameplan

vs Ops  Play a Bright Center on their planet then beat the hell out of them.  The ECCs go a long way with Dr. Evazan.	Kill the Operatives and beat the little guys.  Battle Plan helps too.

vs Hidden Base  Twi'lek for Security Precautions early.  This is where you pop out the 2nd turn drain of 4 too.  Hit em early, but dont put your ships out until they flip.  Then when they do flip, drop 3-4 ships and probe every system that you can.

vs Martin Faulke HB  Alter Our Most Desperate Hour and start draining.  Try and get rid of their mains using Evazan and tracked destinies.  Build up an Army at Alderaan and Tatooine, if possible.  Lateral Damage the Falcon.  You can beat this deck.  Just make sure you have Secret Plans out, you have an Army at Alderaan and you are holding an Alter for OMDH.

against anythin else, just use your brain ) '