---
author: Brian "Armus" Sykes
title: Obi in da House..... Party Time!
side: Light
date: 2000-12-16
description: This deck uses Obi-Wan-s Hut and Tosche station for early Force Advantage an mains to control tatooine and celebrate
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)
T: Obi-Wan’s Hut (s)
T: Tosche Station (s)
T: Hutt Trade Route
T: Mos Eisley
T: Cantina
T: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine x2
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Rendezvous point

Chartacters (22)
Ben Kenobi x2
EPP Obi-Wan
EPP Luke x2
Masta Luke
Bronken Lando x2
Boussh
EPP Leia
EPP Han
ECC Chewie
Admiral Squid
First Officer Squid
Colonel Crackhead
Lt. Blunt
Bo Mar Monk x3
Kal Fal
Melas
Tawss Khaa

Starships (5)
Home One
Liberty
Independence
Spiral
Tantive IV

Weapons (2)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Order (1)
Capital Support

Effects (10)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Honor of the Jedi
I hope she’s alright
Lightsaber Proficiency
Mantellian Savrip
Menace Fades
Order to Engage
Tatooine Celebration
Wise Advice

Interrupts (10)
Blaster Deflection
Careful Planning (s)
It Could be Worse
Nabrun Leids
Rebel Barrier x2
Revealed
The Signal x3 

Strategy: 

This deck rules as I found out today.  It won by 37, 27 and 11 in the 3 games it played with the win by 11 coming against a MKOS deck that owned tosche station the whole game.  Basically, like all other tosche decks, try to get obi-wan down 1st turn and move him over for mad turn 2 activation.  other than that  it’s a classic Mains deck, just play reactively, use the Savrip to keep the Battle damage down and the Capitals and Squids to lock down Tatooine for the celebration.  The monks allow you to drain for tons and the lightsabers are in there for beatdown city with luke or leia.  if they are playing space, just sread out and drain for bunches.  You should wreck every time.  I am not going to do a deck-by-deck breakdown because it should play about the same.  All I will add is against BHBM give him luke and against HD beware of dueling.  I didnt include dueling interrupts because if the DS player built and played their deck right they should be able to beat you anyway, so keep Ben and Luke off the table or at least away from Vader.  Any suggestions for improvement are appreciated, but I ask for constructive criticism. Insults are unnecessary and unappreciated.

Thanks,

-Brian 