---
layout: archive
author: ! Alan "Serpent" Sagan
title: ! "Throne Room  Sagan Style"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-11
description: ! "I think the title says it all.. The deckI used to win the BC provincials."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Sites (10)
Massassi Throne Room
Swamp
Farm
Massassi Headquarters
Yoda's Hut
Chief Chirpa's Hut
Echo Command Center
Obi's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Lower Corridor

Characters (17)
Obi-Wan Kenobi x3
Luke with Lightsabre x3
Leia with Blaster x2
Boushh
Han with Blaster x2
Lando with Blaster
Chewie with Blaster
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Oola

Creatures (2)
Nudj x2

Ships (3)
Tantive IV
Spiral
Millenium Falcon

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2

Effects (6)
Mantellian Savrip
Order to Engage
Bacta Tank
Civil Disorder
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire

Interrupts (20)
Sense x3
Alter x2
Clash of Sabers
Nabrun Leids x2
The Signal
Skywalkers
Carefull Planning
Gift of the Mentor
Tunnel Vision x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Out of Commission x2
Shocking Information x2
'

Strategy: '

Note to current reviews
No Smoke Screen cause i don't got em, plus i'd rather
trust Out of Commision and Shocking info, my recycling
5's.  With the activation i get it's not hard to track at all.
Out of Commision is definately worth the card slot, a recyling
5 at any time.	Plus the out of play function is great, Catch
there Twi'lek first turn, no more twi'leks.  if you do a first turn
Trans Terminated, Out of Commision, no more Visage.  I've
gotten Chall Bekan in an ISB scum outer rim scout deck, that
might've been a game winner.  I've hit tarkin before too.  that
card is NEVER a waste to me, and has become a staple in many
a light side deck of mine.
For manip, two shockings is more than enough considering how
rare manip is.	Any more would be over preparation, hunt down
is probably 10 times more common, but do you see 3 trans termies?
no.  so even if they grab my shocking, i'm still making them lose a total
of 10 cards, plus there grabber.  Then with my massive activation,
tunnel visions, aliens, senses, whatever, there's no way they can
screw all my guys.
Redemption will definately be added in if i ever use this deck again though.
Didn't throw in WAYTTPOU because i didn't feel it was needed, although
it would definately be a good edition.

What can i say, it's throne room.  This one
has better destiny then most, with the recycling
out of commisions and shocking infos.  Has a small
s/a package, just to get rid of some annoying things
and perhaps save your ass from a duel.

Vs space
when was the last time you played against a dark
space deck?  Truthfully, it was a looong time ago,
and i've never played vs an ominous rumours... so
this deck is great for my area.  Get obi+saber
to the lower corridor, load up the falcon, tantive
and spiral, and chuck guys to the savrip.  track
those 5's

Vs Ralops
Never tested.  Prevent the flip, this is IMPERATIVE.
Nothing pisses a ralops player off more than having
to pick up for cards, getting drained for that extra
1, and not adding 3 to their destiny.  Set up the
lower corrdidor for a drain with a coupla guys if
it seems safe, while mains with the occasional Alien
back up run around raltir.  Sense their important
reacts, let the wussy ones slide.  Order to Engage
is Killer.  A well timed skywalkers/Gift of the Mentor
with tracked 5's will ruin their day too.  If they're
not going walkers, they're dead cause of your weapons.

Vs Non Dueling Huntdown
Should be a win for you.  You have a huge force
advantage, your savrip and tank can save you, hack
there guys, rinse and repeat.  Trans Terminate Visage,
AFTER they lose there force during your turn and before
you lose yours (automatic actions, you pick the order).
or put boushh there and break cover, but you might
want to back her up, espescially if Imperial Arrest
order is out.  The game is over once you get Oola going
with Civil Disorder.

Vs Dueling Huntdown
What i DIDN'T want to play against.  Truthfully,
although the extra 5's in this deck are great,
they're not enough to save you from a duel even
with courage and glancing, so why pack em.  If
i was doing the dueling, i wouldn't do it in a big
tournament unless i KNEW i would win.  Run Luke Run
would definately be a worthy edition.
Otherwise, you can kill vader, eventually smush your
nudjs to drain there, drain at the corridor, beat up
vader some more, spank mara, and abuse your force advantage.
Once oola's out with civil disorder, games yours.
I'm really tempted to add in another oola and civil
disorder since they REALLY wreck huntdown...

Vs Court
the only Court i've played against is a friend of
mine's court.	This deck lost by 20.  His is NOT
the average court though, so whatever )  Same
strategy as non dueling hunt down, spank em where
you can, abuse your savrip and bacta tank.

Vs Manip
the massive force generation should allow you to
get a main out, or an alien.  Shocking Info
will lay some hurt down on there scans and miyoom,
sense when needed.  But how often do you see manip?

Numbers
No number protection.  oops.  Well that's a weakness,
and a big one too.  But how often do you see Dark
Numbers?
Gee that seems to be my answer to alot of this decks
weaknesses )

So you can tinker a bit to suit your style,
scrap the out of commisions for don't forget the
droids, maybe chuck in RLiR1 and GLiG1, combined
with savrip can realy do same pain in space.  Push
cards would be good editions too.
But these are all judgement calls.  So Blah p





'