---
author: J "Zorn" C
title: A Ronto!!!!
side: Light
date: 2000-08-18
description: This Profit deck is original.  It uses Rontos and very high average destiny to lay a beat down on your opponent.  It has a very good record, only losing 1 game in past 2-3 tournaments including North Ridge Regionals. I have a few versions of this deck...t
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:  Profit

Locations:
Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace : Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Spaceport: Docking Bay
Home One: Docking Bay
Hoth: Docking Bay

Characters/Weapons:
epp Obi-Wan
Obi-Wan  x 2
Obi’s Lightsaber
epp Luke
Master Luke x 2
Luke’s Lightsaber
epp Han
TK-422
Han Solo
epp Leia
Boushh
Taws Khaa
Melas
Orimarrko
Artoo

Interrupts:
Skywalkers
Skull x 4
Fallen Portal x 4
Sense x 4
The Force Is Strong With This One x 2
Don’t Underestimate Our Chances
Double Agent x 2
Glancing Blow
I Know
Warrior’s Courage
Don’t Get Cocky
Armed & Dangerous
Solo Han
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Careful Planning
Out Of Comission


Effects:

Draw their fire
Your Insight Serves You Well
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Honor Of The Jedi
A Gift

Vehicles

RONTO X 4 !!!!!


Strategy: 

uh, there should be 3 skulls and 3 fallen portals, not 4 of each.

THIS VERY UNIQUE DECK IS A LOT OF FUN AND IS REALLY QUITE GOOD TOO.

But it is somewhat difficult to play.

A few notes:

1) There's no traffic control so watch how much you pick up
2) This is a very high destiny deck (avg ) after having gotten out all the docking bays
3) You have to watch out what you lose
4) This deck can spread and drain if done properly
5) Every site in this deck except audience chamber can be fallen portaled.
6) This deck kills Mara too. (with 3 spies and 2 double agents)
7) This deck kills court.
8) Notice only not many locations, this is because staging areas and careful planning are seriously good enough.  I never pull a rendez-vous point or yado's hutt for destiny	:^)
9) Try and track Out of Commission and Careful Planning

Start the game by searching for docking bays 1/0 first, then Yavin, then the others.

Pick up until you find some characters.  When you lose force make sure it is from hand and of high destiny.

Drop to Yavin and drain for 1 or two with a saber until you have filtered your deck for your characters and sites.  Once you have lost 10 force retreive it.  Depending on what you have picked up, you can leave Leia and/or Han alone at JP, or docking bay.

There's a lot of nasty tricks in this deck.

1)  If Han is alone at say...JP, who wouldn't fight 'em to kill him and flip profit back over. When they initiate, fallen portal and target whoever. Keep in mind this is a high destiny deck.  I've taken taken down everything except lord vader (even choke vader).  Then play Don't Underestimate Our chances, then warriors, courage, then Solo Han, then Skull with a ronto adding 5 to power.  I've made people lose 39 cards after forfeiting.

Glancing Blow can really help too.

I Know can also be sneaky to react Leia out of reserve.

The han tricks can also be played with leia. ( A double agent against mara combined with warriors courage can be brutal for dark.

Use armed and dangerous!  This is a really good card in this deck, I've won games because of it.

Keeps sense for defense, not offence.
Lose rontos if possible, whether from hand or battle.

Unless the surprise is already given away, only skull for power, not for searching so that you don't give away fallen portal. (you'd be surprised at how many very experienced players don't know about this card.) If my opponent doesn't battle me at the docking bays, Profit damage starts to get nasty.

Against ROPS:
Since I draw 4's 5's all the time, walkers aren't generally immune to my attrition.	I can deploy to a docking bay and go to raltirr from there.
Biker scouts(if appearing) get fallen portaled really easily.

Against Courst:

If they play skrillings or outer rims, fallen portal is nasty for them.  Master Luke is a house against aliens.  He can in most cases, with the help of his saber and skull, free han by himself.

If they play bounty hunting, run to docking bays.  I find it is pretty easy to keep bounty hunters from capturing my characters.  I usually fallen portal, hack and then draw a decent destiny so no worries.

Skull and Fallen Portal rock against Bubbo and Rancor.

Sense is for defense not offense.  Makes sure you get to play your interrupts.	Sense Trap door and hidden weapons if possible.

Against Huntdown:

Get Honor O Jedi out.  Pretty much an easy win.  Use armed and dangerous for dueling.  You will probly get high destiny's.  Can use Glancing Blow for dueling and make vader pw = 0.  2 Force Is Strong against this one for vader or emperor.  My miraculously lost 2 duels (luke and obi!) and still won the game before)

Against Bring Him Before Me:

Go after the emperor.  I have beaten up the emperor and made my opponent lose 14 force.  Ironically I pulled 2 rontos for the hack  :^)
Usually I draw mulitple destiny and can skull so vader or emperor alone in a fight is a big mistake.

Against Ties:

This game is tough.  Spread and drain asap. If they come to the ground (usual to fight han) I usually win but depends. Just save the Han alone trick cards.
A good tie deck will be very hard for this deck to beat though. Just make sure to max profit damage and get sabers out. I usually win because of less deployment then my opponent. (5 or 6 chars)

Well...I think that pretty much raps it up. (I hope)  Enjoy playing it!  I just enjoy the look on people's faces when I deploy a ronto, or skull a ronto, or pull rontos for destiny.	Fallen Portal on vader is also cool.
