---
layout: archive
author: ! Jonathan "Soma" Morse
title: ! "Frenzy at the Farm"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-28
description: ! "Use the unfathomable abilities of Ardon Vaper Crell and his farming devices as a platform for light beatdown."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations 8
Obi's Hut (starting)
 spaceport DB (starting)
 farm (starting)
Massassi HQ
Yoda's Hut
Rendez-Vous .
Hoth WR
Kessel

Characters 22
Ben Kenobi x3
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia
ECC Chewie
Ardon Vaper Crell x3
Orrimaarko
Wedge
B'omarr Monk x2
H'Nemthe x2
Tawss Khaa
Momaw Nadon (Japanese Version)
Jeroen Webb
Melas

Weapons 2
Obi's Saber x2

Devices 2
Hydroponics Station (Pull out 1st turn)
Vaporator (Pull out 2nd turn)

Ships 5
GL in G1
Medium Bulk Freighter
Lando in Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts 14
Sense x4
Alter x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Nabrun x2
Sorry About the Mess x2
Signal
Careful Planning (start)

Effects 7
Frozen Assets x2
OTEngage
Ultimatum
Traffic Control
Beggar
Mechanical Failure

'

Strategy: '

I'm really surprised that more people don't use this strategy.  It's really incredible.  You start the game activating six force every turn because of the awesome starting of Obi's Hut, Farm, and DB, while only giving them two force.  If you pull one of the three Obi's you drop him down for a measly two force then move over to the Farm.  You pull out a H-station, and this starts letting you activate the first force of every turn into your hand.  Second turn when you pull out the Vaporator you can activate the first two cards of every turn into your hand.  This is huge because it allows you more options at the beginning of every turn.  It's a pretty good scanning crew protection as well.  Also, after getting Obi down first turn you already have a great Sense Alter setup from the very beginning, and you're draining second turn.  Additionally, Ardon Vaper Crell goes down for free, and Obi can regenerate him.  He drains for +2 at the farm, which in combination with a B'omarr monk and Obi's Saber gives you a sold drain of five at the farm.  (That's the Frenzy, Baby)

So you're slaughtering them at the farm, and you're generating a furious amount of force, thanks to the four twix sites floating around, that you will draw very quickly thanks not only to the great activation, but also the practice of drawing the first two cards into your hand every turn during the activate phase.  This way if you get a location it goes down a turn sooner.  Kessel also provides a great space surprise, a way to fulfill Battle Order if they're playing it, and a way to utilize your ships when they least expect you're playing with them.  ('Why would a Farming deck play space?  I'll throw away my Bounty Hunter ships')	In the odd case that they do drop down Executor or Zuckuss in ship or something, you have two Rebel Barriers floating around, which as revolving fours are great in any deck.

This deck has incredibly destiny.  It may not look like it at first glance, but it has 21 cards that have a destiny of 4+.  That's extremely high destiny  Another great aspect is putting down a H'Nemthe at the farm.  (It is the middle location of the 3 site starting)	The H'nemthe will cause all their deployment to be much higher.

In this deck I decided to play more offensive and general than overdo counters.  Instead of playing two Transmission Terminateds I play spies and nabruns, and instead of playing anti spy cards I play two Sorry about the Messes.  Instead of Putting in anti-dueling I put in lots of other characters to kill Vader such as Aliens, Hans, etc, and I used Ben Kenobi and his saber, to give me a higher duel total.  Rebel Barriers help to stop battling duels as well.  These are cards that work in any game, not just one out of every six games.  I did have to put in Ultimatum for numbers however, but with Ardon being a 4, as well as a bunch of other high destiny characters, I could manage.  I have in OTEngage, which is huge, as well as three anti-reacting cards, Beggar, and two Frozens.  I didn't put in Draw Their Fire because it contradicts OTE.

I have a lot of aliens in the deck.  This in combination with SAC and high activation and nabruns allow me to smash Ralltir Ops.  This deck can battle like CRAZY, and the Sorry About the Messes in combination with high destinies allow for a lot of dark pain.  Mechanical Failure puts in the smack down on AT AT's, and you'd be surprised how quickly dark will start seriously hurting form the drain of 4+ very quickly at the farm.  If they go to the farm they die, and if they put a spy down, I kill it in my control phase then keep draining.  If they control, I sense.  It's a great deck, very flexible, and can be practically unbeatable if played by a skillful player.  Don't underestimate the advantage that the Vaporator and H-Station give you every turn.  It's an incredible strategy, and is especially fun to play because you start off activating six force  Have fun
'