---
author: brad "swccguy" eier
title: Breaking into Jabbas Hut
side: Light
date: 2000-01-19
description: this deck gives you the option of rescuing han on first turn or 10th turn depending how bad you need him and how much force you want to retrieve
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

obj:YCEPBT/OBD

interrupts (17)
Signal (start)
grimtassh
artoo i have a bad feeling about this
sorry about the mess
i know
jedi mind trick
houjix
blaster deflection
dont forget the droids
courage of a skywalker
it could be worse
life debt x 2
someone who loves you x 2
choke x 2

effects (8)
scramble
draw thier fire
traffic control
mantellian savrip
yodas gimer stick
a gift
tatooie celebration
the planet its farthest from

characters (18)
han solo (start)
han w/blaster
master luke
epp luke x2
obiwan x 2
dos
boussh
chewbacca
ecc chewie
lando w/gun
tamtel skreej
artoo
threepio
orrimarrko
boshek
oola

sites-6
tatooine
audience chamber
jabbas palace
tosche station
judland wastes
mos eisley

weapons/devices-2
obiwans saber
landing claw

ships-4
red leader in red 1
gold leader in gold 1
redemption
falcon

vehicles-4
skiff x 4





Strategy: 

this deck allows you a lot of choice. you have enough stuff to rescue han first turn.
ideal start:he puts fett and mara at the chamber to start. i use signal and start with scramble.
opening hand: master luke, choke. deploy luke, return fett to opponents hand, play choke on mara to cancel her immunity, seh cant draw destiny cause of scramble, i draw a 1 he has to lose mara, i control, free han, then flip the objective.

vs.hdadtj: 2 obis, 3 lukes, 2 leias in a battling deck will keep the objective's '0' side up.  also with the obj. and tat celebration, i can retrieve all the force i lose to visage.

vs.isb:thier drains will hurt me, but hopefully tptiff will slow them down, also my mains and toys will beat on thier ors.

vs.cotvg: thier mini-visage wont work, use the skiffs to react to and from battles and drains.

vs.cct:they freeze whoever, i lose 8 force, next turn flip the obj, retrieve 10. while they try to get to the chamber, i set up my beatdown crew on tatooine, and spread out the mains so they lose force from the objective.

vs.tdigwatt:i'll proball have to go to bespin to fight, but i think my mains and interrupts can beat thiers.

vs.raltirr:this will be tough, but while they get mabey a +5 added to one destiny, i'll add 5 destiny's.

the choice on when to flip is yours. what should i add? what should i take out? thanks for your input.


in response to previuus reviews-
1. i have 2 obis in here because of immunity, and he can make a character of ability=1 move away in battle.
2.i have boussh and "a gift" to use as spies. "a gift " not only blocks drains, but opponents drains are -1 and destinys -2 wherever they have an alien (very useful vs. dark ejp objective). Also i was going to include 2 leias anyway, it was either boussh or premiere, i picked boussh cause she can block drains.
3. i have been pondering removing the falcon and redemption and both lando's, and just using lando in falcon. if i ever get a tantive or spiral i will add them. 