---
author: Peter "martian" Hall
title: Set Your Course For Wakeelmui
side: Dark
date: 2000-06-30
description: Not to blow it up. Don't be silly.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Start - 6
SYCFA
D*
Alderaan
DB
T'wilek
Oppressive Enforcement

Locations - 9
Big One
D*: War Room
Endor
Kashyyyk x2
Kiffex
Tatooine
Wakeelmui x2

Characters - 4
Darth w/ Saber
IG-88 w/ Gun
DS-61-2 x2


Ships - 15
Dreadnaught x3
Black 2 x2
Black Squad TIE x3
Obsidian Squad TIE x2
TIE Fighter x2
TIE Assault Squad x2
Vengeance

Effects - 9
A Bright Center to the Universe
Come Here You Big Coward!
Dread Imperial Starfleet
Lateral Damage
Pride of the Empire
Reactor Terminal
Return to Base
SFS
TBHTP x2

Interrupts - 15
APTW x5
ATWYS
Dark Maneuvers
Put All Sections On Alert
Tallon Roll x4
Tarkin's Orders x2
Twi'lek x2

Strategy: 

TIE decks have been popular (and with good reason) since the release of SE. SYCFA supplies Revo protection and a force base to get the retrieval going.

There are only 15 ships (and only nine TIEs, not counting squadrons) in the deck, but that should be plenty. All Power to Weapons brings them out quickly, and few if any will reach the lost pile.

Vader and IG-88 can be used to clear weakly defended ground sites. You take no BD on D*, so throw 'em down and battle if you know you can retrieve them next turn.

Here's how to play it versus the LS favorites:

EBO - You might eat a few drains early, but once SFS is up and running, the losses should be recovered. Tallon Roll should give you the edge vs. X-Wings or the SuperFalcon(tm).

Profit/Mains beatdown - Track ATWYS and Tarkin's Orders to cancel the ground drains. Again, Tallon Roll should take care of the Falcon or Red/Gold Leader. Lateral Damage will help if they load up on a Capital Ship.

Ops - Not very popular anymore, but shouldn't be that difficult. It should be easy to win the drain race. Tallon Roll any potential claw-bearing ships.


There are plenty of cards which would fit nicely into this deck, but I can't make room. First Strike, more drain cancellers, more Tallon Rolls, Direct Damage cards, another SFS. I could go on... But this setup allows the deck to compete with space decks and keep up with ground drains. LMK what you think...