---
layout: archive
author: ! J.D. "Talz" LaCure
title: ! "Corulag Speeders"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-11
description: ! "An extremely fast deck that spreads, inserts, and drains."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
Imperial Occupation/Imp. Control
Corulag
Jungle
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial arrest order

Characters(22)
x11 Biker Scout Trooper
x11 Corulag Operative

Vehicles(8)
x8 Speeder Bikes

Locations(5)
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Street
Desert
Forest
Swamp

Effects(6)
Strategic Reserves
Den of Thieves
x2 3,720 to 1
x2 Presence of the Force

Interrupts(14)
x2 Twi'lek Advisor
x2 Abyssin Ornament
x2 Wounded Wookie
x3 N'gok
x5 High-Speed Tactics '

Strategy: '

This deck is centered around one thing.  Speed.
With a little luck and some force this deck flips on turn 2.
You will have 1 operative and a Biker/Bike at each site.
As the game drags on (1 or 2 turns) deploy 2 more sites with ops/bikers.
Put in the inserts and pull out the Strategic Reserves/Den of Thieves.
Also pull the Presences of the Force if you want to.
(note the only other rares besides the obj)

The obvious problem is the beatdown.
To prevent this you have...

IAO (prevents Nabruns)
N'gok (cancels large forces)

To help ease the pain...

High-Speed Tactics (adds a destiny for a total of 2, for a total of around 6 attrition)
Wounded Wookie(all 3 of its uses)

As long as they try to out drain you you should win by around 20 (with retieval)

But most people will try to battle you, in particular with mains.

This makes a big problem because there is almost no battle potential in this deck vs a determined opponent.

But, you cancel the big beatdowns and you can survive the small ones and come out ahead in the end.

Possible additions...

Bad feeling have I
Vader/Tarkin or Mara
Space power (for Battle Plan)

ADDITION
I have switched the 2 Presences of the Force for 2 alters, I may add more later.

ADDITION
I want to note all three uses of Wounded Wookie.

1. If opponent just drew more than two battle destinies cancel all but two.

2. If your non-unique alien is defending a battle cancel the game text of one opponents rebels.

3. Cancel Clash of Sabers.

use 1
if they try to do damage with many destinies they get canceled

use 2
if they attack with Obi Wan Kenobi and attempt to move away a character use this

use 3
again keeps your opponent from beating down lone characters

ADDITION
Please note that I CHOSE not to start with Well Guarded or put it in my deck.
To me a Well Guarded is a big red flag saying "ALTER THIS AND GRIMTASH ME"
Without this tip your opponent will very rarely use a Grimtash in the first three turns.
After you flip the obj. they may notice that you have many doubles and Grimtash  you.
But that can only do so much damage.

Your force loss should be coming from your hand and doubles are the FIRST to go.
Try to understand that using Well Guarded could put me in a worse situation than before.
BTW, I wouldn't stop using IAO as my starting effect anyway, I am much more afraid of Nabrun Leids.  '