---
layout: archive
author: ! chris "Austin316" morris
title: ! "If Ya Smell What The Rops R Cookin"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-05
description: ! "Ralittir ops n beat down"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)

Ralltiir
Desert
Farm
Forest
Jungle
Spaceport City
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Street

Characters (23)

Chewbacca
H'nemthe
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Melas
Ralltiir Operative x8
Tawss Khaa
Biggs Darklighter
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
Princess Organa
Wedge Antilles

Starships (6)

Redemption
Spiral
Tantive IV
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (11)

Transmission Terminated
The Signal x3
Alter
Endor Celebration
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Quite A Mercenary
Sense x2

Effects (9)

Aim High
Bacta Tank
Bargaining Table
Draw Their Fire
Insurrection
Lightsaber Proficiency
Reflection
Traffic Control
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Weapons (2)

Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Objective

Local Uprising/Liberation
'

Strategy: '

this is a nice easy and simple deck

Using the objective u get a site every turn.
Start with inserection it will alow u to get a docking bay. So its quicker and also helps the ability 2 rebels.

Go for the flip when u have 3 ops and 3 other characters eg ability 2 rebels or twass or melas.
Use the epps wisly in beat downs and the other mains were in for there lack of deplyment restrictions.

This makes life a lot easier if u have to chase the oponent around.

i played this deck in the State titles and it went 2 for 3 with both of the wins of +20 againsed Isb ability and a Court of the vial gangster deck. The 1 loss was by 10 to a nasty HDADTJ deck he decided dualing wasnt a good option with the high draws in the deck.

It was a silly mistake that cost this deck a undeafeted run its is fun and a great deck

thanks for lookin  '