---
author: Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: Yeah, I'm Nuts. What do you want me to do about it?
side: Light
date: 2000-06-16
description: I had an idea come to me the other day while I was looking at my 3A cards. This is the manifestation.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1):
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations (9):
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Death Star: Detention Block Corridor
Death Star: Trash Compactor
Rendezvous Point
Hoth: Echo Command Center
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut

Characters (11):
8D8
'Bantha' Droid
BG-J38
Luke With Lightsaber x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x3
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2

Starships (4):
Red Leader In Red 1 x2
Gold Leader In Gold 1 x2

Interrupts (15):
Skywalkers x2
Desperate Reach
Gift Of The Mentor x2
The Signal x5
Tranmission Terminated x2
Surprise Assault
Shocking Information x2

Effects (20):
Insurrection
Echo Base Garrison
Anger, Fear Aggression x3
Never Tell Me The Odds x4
Battle Plan
Wars Not Make One Great
Bacta Tank x2
Wise Advice
What're You Trying To Push On Us?! x2
Draw Their Fire
Death Star Plans x3

Strategy: 

I had been hearing a little bit about the potential of using Echo Base Garrison for inserts, but had no idea what would work. I decided to make an unorthodox inserts deck, so anything blatantly obvious was out. No Hidden Base "Sit three droids on a Corvette at Rendezvous Point" crap, and nothing like starting Echo Command Center. That just makes it too easy for your opponent to decipher what your strategy is. So, I decided to go with Mind What You Have Learned. The built-in S/A protection will work wonders when trying to protect that Echo Base Garrison until you've obtained your droids. Plus, it reaches the desired goal of confusing your opponent.

The locations are pretty basic, you've got your Dagobah for starting, and Yoda's Hut can be deployed on your first turn to boost your generation. A few twix to let you get the job done, and the docking bays and D* sites are for Death Star Plans.

Characters, nothing more than absolutely necessary. The three droids are all you will need, and then your EPP hit squad. 3 Lukes, 3 Obis, and 2 Leias sounded about right. Han would have been nice, but he's a complete luxury and quite possibly a liability. Not worth the risk, Tawss and Orrimaarko would go in ahead of him anyway.

Space support is noticably thin, but it serves the purpose of disruption rather than domination. You'll be able to retreive through DSP and DTF anyway, so it works.

Interrupts: 5 Signals cause there's so many effects in here that can come in handy. 2 Shockers to screw with Vesden, a single Surprise Assault just in case. There's 2 TT's and not 3 or 4 cause next to no one uses Hunt Down here. Desperate Reach is anti-Barrier tech, a couple of destiny adders for each of my EPP pairs. Why not, I figure, since you may need to knock out a heavily fortified position.

Effects: 3 AFAs, 4 NTMTOs cause of retreival. Could maybe use 1 more of each. Bacta Tank can be obtained through Echo Base Garrison, and if it's canceled, just grab SHUOSHD and deploy the other one. Grabbers and Wise Advice are standerd, Battle Plan and WNMOG is sweet. I was thinking about swapping Yoda's Hut for Swamp, and putting WNMOG there. They'd have to strand their characters at a drain 1 site in order to cancel the card. Death Star Plans is the best retreival the Light Side can get, in terms of overall gain.

Yes, I am aware that CHYBC is a problem. But I'd willing to gamble that they'll get hit by an insert and that'll be the end of that little problem.

The way to play the deck is:

1)Start MWYHL and Signal for Echo Base Garrison.
2) Throw down your droids (to a docking bay obtained through Insurrection, if needed) and insert NTMTO and AFA.
3) Watch 'em get hit by said inserts.
4) If they're using Resistance on the ground, send EPP hit squads, if in space send the ships.
5) If your space disruption tactics completely fail, abandon NTMTO and just use AFAs. Bacta Tank your EPPs and send 'em to the ground, drain a little, and use Death Star Plans. Conceivably, your retreival maybe very well be enough to counteract their drains, and your constant pinging and AFAs will do the job.

What more is there to say? Oh, Ralltiir, right? Ralltiir dies to a steady diet of inserts. Vesden is a joke (EPPs, Shocking Info), Torture will be grabbed, and my EPPs will be enough to eliminate Resistance. I think in terms of cards that could be changed around . . .obviously more TTs if you have to deal with Hunt Down, Effective Repairs might be nice. Have fun ripping this thing to shreds.