---
layout: archive
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "ISB Insanity"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-02
description: ! "ISB rears it's ugly head once again. It's not dead yet. I've had the damndest time finding a DS that works, and for some reason, I think this is it. Went undefeated today, so it can't be that bad."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective ISB Operations

Locations 8

Coruscant Imperial Square
Coruscant Docking Bay
Carida
Death Star II Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Street
Spaceport City
Spaceport Prefect's Office

Characters 25

Emperor Palpatine x3 (I know, I know...)
EPP Vader x2
Darth Vader
Mara Jade
Lieutenant Renz
Officer Evax
5D6-RA-7
Corporal Vandolay
Commander Merrejk
Lieutenant Cabbel
Colonel Wulf Yularen
Captain Sarkli
U-3PO
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Lt. Pol Treidum
ECC 4-LoveOfMoney
Captain Jonus
DS-61-3
Sergeant Torent
Sergeant Tarl
Corporal Oberk

Vehicles 3

Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Blizzard 2

Weapons 1

Mara Jade's '

Strategy: '

   WTF??? I had the whole freakin' thing on here people, I have no idea how the rest got cut off. I'll have to talk to Neal. Anyways, the rest of it goes like this

Mara's Stick

Ships 3

ZIMH
BFiS1
Devastator

Interrupts 15

Sense x5
Alter x4
Nevar Yalnal
Trample
Force Lightning
Prepared Defenses
You Are Beaten
Imperial Barrier

Effects 4

IAO
Mob. Points
YCHF
Overseeing It Personally


It's interesting to note that despite the popularity of the LS grabbing Home One/Hoth DB's and throwing a scrub there for huge activation, the perfect deck to stop that little trick doesn't seem to be played, for fear of being dead. Enter ISB. Everyone's a spy, so that huge activation won't be so huge anymore after you drop down and knock off whoever's there. I build this deck on two things I thought would be fun deploying Palpy for FREE to the Imp. Square (it's so fun to do that...), and getting a drain of 3 at a 1/1 site. A flipped ISB and Overseeing It Personally will do that. Since it's susceptible to Alter, OIP requires you to play a S/A package if you truly want it to stay on the table. 3 Palpy's make those draws guaranteed. Start off standard, dig out 1/0 DB's, drop a schmuck there, if they're doing the same trick, invade their DB with whatever's handy to chop down their activation. When you're damn good and ready, and not till then, drop the non-unique sites to Coruscant and proceed to drain the hell out of them. "My God, what about Lt. Blount?" you say. Well, that's what 2 EPP Vaders, Trample, Nevar Yanal, and Force Lightning are for. Trample, Force Lightning, and Nevar Yanal are great character removal cards. Enough ways to kill him for you? The only way they're putting him at the planet is if they play the LS Coruscant. All those cards are also highly effective against Eloms. Honor Of The Jedi is easily satisfied, not that it even hurts this deck too much. Remember with OIP, any Imperial can drain for 1 at the Imp. Square and the Coruscant Docking Bay, while other ISB's drain for 3 at the 1/1's. With only 4 non-unique sites, you may think it's difficult to get this going, but I assure you, it's not. Most of the time you'll be harassing them somewhere else, and you don't want to drop those sites until you're ready anyway.
Decks it whacked today EBO, Profit, and TR Mains. Versatile enough?

Specific Cards

U-3PO I give a damn what kind of DS you play. EVERY DS should have at least one of this guy.

Tempest Scout 1 Reacting for free is nice. Very nice.

Carida quick activation, fulfillment of Battle Plan if necesary.

You Are Beaten Uncontrollable Fury, and 3 lightsabers in the deck make this a very useful card.

Why only 1 Overseeing It Personally? You dump YCHF to get it, and you don't put it out 'til you got the S/A to back it up.



'