---
layout: archive
author: ! Brad "Uncle Chall" Vogel
title: ! "The Occupation of Brute Force V 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-19
description: ! "A non-objective mains and toys deck which dominated Tatooine through mains and Tatooine Occupation."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(8)
Tatooine
Tat Jabba's Palace
Tat. Jabba's PalaceAudience Chamber
Tat. Mos Eisley
Tat. Cantina
Tat. Lars Moisture Farm
Tat. Jund. Wastes
Dagobah Cave

Characters(17)
3 EPP Vader
2 GMT
2 Mara Jade
2 Dr. Evazan
ECC 4-LOM
ECC IG-88
EJP Dengar
Jabba the Hutt
Ephant Mon
EPP Fett
U-3PO
Mosep

Creatures(1)
Bubo

Weapons(1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Starships(5)
Executor
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Interrupts(19)
4 Sense
3 Alter
2 Sniper
2 YAB
2 Advisor
2 Torture
2 Elis Helrot
Combat Readiness
Evader


Effects(9)
2 Presence of the Force
Secret Plans
Tatooine Occupation
Security Precautions
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
There'll be Hell to Pay
Crush the Rebellion



'

Strategy: '

***UPDATE*** - First off I'd like to thanks everybody who repsonded with a review of my deck.  Here are my comments on what everyone has said.

CTR and Evader - These will probably go out as Revo doens't hurt too much and I got Senses for Clash.

Resistance - This is good, but I like the destiny of Tortures and I may not always have 3 Battlegrounds occupied but I'll consider this.

Ephant Mon - He's good, but he'll probably go out for someone else.  Any suggestions?

Everyone keeps mentioning the Occupation and how I should defend it more.  The whole idea of the deck is to establish control anywhere whether on Tatooine or elsewhere and get up the Occupation only if needed.  It's just a sideshow in the deck.

I'd like to add more force activation, but the Death Star is too risky due to the Super Falcon getting in there.  I'm seriously considering Coruscant and Search and Destroy as well.

First off, I'd like to thank Chris 'Kusanagi' Holmes for his help on this deck.  It's similar to his Omega Doom which we created together but is adapted to my playing style.  The start is Tatooine and Combat Readiness for Jabba's Palace.  This gets the Audience Chamber out so you're activating 7 at least by the 2nd turn.  The locations are all Tatooine based for draining or versatility while the Dagobah Cave provides risk-free activation.  Mos Eisley is included to overlap the LS one since I always see the Cantina Shuffle.	There is a solid supply of characters to patrol Tatooine as well.  EPP Vader is used instead of DVDLOTS or Darth Vader due to his free saber and ease of using Sniper and You are Beaten.  There are 2 Dr. Evazan's since he rocks with EPP Vader, Mara, and any other character which uses a weapon.	U-3PO blocks drains and Mosep makes the drains hurt.  I realize that I have both the ground and space personas of Boba Fett, but his ship combo can be devastating and the EPP can rock on the ground. Bubo helps with UC spies on Tatooine and Mara's Saber can easily be pulled by her.  This complement of ships has proven to be very effective for me.  They can either patrol Tatooine to get Occupation set up, or probe once HB flips along with Security Precuations.  Vader's Shuttle is awesome since it is a cheap 2 permanent ability pilot that is a probing machine with Vader aboard.  SAC is always a good thing and I have found that this is the proper number to play.  Sniper and You Are Beaten are devastating when used in conjunction with EPP Vader and Mara Jade.	Elis is good for transporting my guys around if the need arises while torture handles #'s adequately.	There are 2 Advisors to pull out important effects and 1 Evader just in case of Revolutions since it can be pulled with Crush the Rebellion.  Presence of the Force is great in this deck since you will be controlling at least 1 site or system and you can enhance your drains and activation at the same time.  I don't know why more people don't pack these as they are versatile cards which can also act as a spy if deployed on a Rebel twix location.  Secret Plans just rocks and the Precuations are for Hidden base.  The Occupation is self-explanatory while Reactor Terminal can cycle back needless cards as well as boosting differential.	Battle Order shuts down Ops and helps me since I start with a battlegroud site and system which I will be controlling by the time it comes out.  Crush the Rebellion can pull Evader and also helps again EPP beatdowns on Cloud City which are popping up more and more these days.  Finally a grappler is included just in case an annoying interrupt which can't be canceled by Sense shows up.  So far the deck is 4-0 in playtesting, but I want to hear what everyone else thinks.  Thanks for reading,

Brad	      '