---
layout: archive
author: ! Scott "Darson" Carver
title: ! "The McSkywalker v2 0 (bigger and tastier than before)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-19
description: ! "C'mon, we've all cheated on tests. Why shouldn't Luke? Here's my new and improved Jedi Test 3 deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Objective (1)
 Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations (9)
 Cloud City Lower Corridor
 Dagobah
 Dagobah Bog Clearing
 Dagobah Jungle
 Dagobah Swamp
 Dagobah Training Area
 Dagobah Yoda's Hut
 Kessel
 Kiffex

Characters (17)
 BoShek
 Daughter Of Skywalker	x2
 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol	x2
 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x3
 Melas
 Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
 Orrimaarko
 Tawss Khaa
 Tycho Celchu
 Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
 Yoda

Starships (8)
 Green Squadron 3
 Home One
 Lando In Millennium Falcon  x2
 Red Leader In Red 1
 Red Squadron 1
 Spiral
 Tantive IV

Interrupts (11)
 A Few Maneuvers
 Alter	x2
 Heading For The Medical Frigate
 Out Of Nowhere
 Rebel Barrier	x2
 Shocking Information
 The Bith Shuffle
 The Signal  x2

Effects (10)
 Honor Of The Jedi
 Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
 Scramble
 Squadron Assignments
 The Way Of Things
 Traffic Control
 What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
 Wise Advice
 Your Insight Serves You Well

Weapons (1)
 Luke's Lightsaber

Jedi Tests (3)
 A Jedi's Strength
 Domain Of Evil
 Great Warrior

'

Strategy: '

UPDATE Why two leias? because someone pointed out to me that my objective could be screwed if i draw her in my opening hand which is a pain. I'm not sure about this rule but I'll take his word for it since I never heard of that before. If this rule is incorrect the other leia gets yanked and replaced with something more useful.

Alright, you're gonna want to start with the objective and Dagobah and use Heading for the Medical Frigate to pull The way of things, Wise advise, and Your insight serves you well. Pull your dagobah sites early on as well as yoda and daughter.  Don't be afraid to jump right into the fight with the rest of your stuff as your testing as you have more than enough firepower. Your jedi testing should be easy enough. Complete test 1 on turn 3. Then complete 2 and 3 on turn 4. Here's where the bonuses start rolling in. First, you kill ALL their drain bonuses, making decks that rely on heavy draining to keel over and die. Secondly, you up the requirement to draw battle destiny up forcing them to consolitate their forces a little so you wont get drained as much without the bonuses, and finally the kicker. Keep yoda at his hut the whole game and attrition against you is -2. When you instantly complete test three once you complete test 2 it subtracts one from all their battle destinies essentially giving ALL your characters w/o immunity to attrition <4 and those with immunity an additional +3. So long Ralops bonus. So now it's a helluva lot harder to eliminate your characters without the use of weapons or destiny adders. Even if they do slice a character or two up (which is also more difficult now that their weapon destinies are -1 as well) you'll be able to throw them right back out to kill, kill, kill. Need Honor of the Jedi really fast? No problem. Just sac Your insight serves you well and pick it up. Want your ships out faster? Sac it to snag squadron assignments. Even if you don't need to use Honor you've still got numbers covered and Vader and Palpy just got easier to disembowel. See them tracking some destinies? Do a little dance and play Bith Shuffle. There's a lot of tech in here that works really nice Anyways, on to the individual strategies...

Hunt Down
Start normally and pull honor of the jedi into your hand on their first turn. Be wary of Alters. Wise Advise will prevent Honor from being lost but it can be a pain getting it back out. You'll lose a whole 1 force to visage the whole game, they'll never be able to hold 3 battlegrounds against you. See dueling? Hold onto your bith shuffle and let vader have it when they're tracked 6 turns into a 2. Shouldn't be too hard there. Besides, Hunt Down isn't going to be that big now anyways.

Raltiir Ops
It'll take them just about as long to flip their objective as it will for you to get your testing done. Get the Tantive to Raltiir as soon as you can to delay them from flipping and play off them for a little while. This is a good matchup for this deck but I personally wait for them to make the first move. If they ever leave Raltiir they're finished, so if they don't it'll be a little tricky getting there. Send your ships into space to get some draining on there so your doing some decent damage to them. Once you complete test 3 you're not gonna be losing any space battles any time soon. You'll be generating plenty of force so when the times right, bombard them at one of their raltiir sites and hold there. Scramble will force them to consolidate and then it's just a matter of picking them off. Negate the drain damage with Projections and your drains in space and ground will eventually outlast them.

Bring him before me
There are so many different types of this deck (manipulation, powerspace, supervader, ect)so if I miss something don't hold it against me. Anyways, Pull Honor just like Hunt Down and most likely they'll drop Vader somewhere turn 1 or 2. Most BHBM decks try to alter Honor quick so watch out for that. Even if they do, it'll just go to your used pile for a signal to pick it up later. There's more than one way to beat this deck but it is a good matchup. My personal favorite is to save up some force and go right after Palpatine. This can be risky but it's the one place that BHBM decks rely on as a safety zone. Eliminate that, and they're forced to reevaluate their strategy. Drain away at the throne room and beat off whatever they may send to reclaim it. Drain in space at kessel and kiffex with your ships and take vader out whenever he comes wandering around. You shouldn't ever have to feel the need to willingly send luke to dad if you've played it right. You won't have trouble here though they might do an impressive 1 damage against you for a few turns.

This deal is getting worse all the time
Jedi Test 1 complete...outdrain...win game.

Numbers
What numbers? I don't see any numbers? Oh, THOSE numbers. How about I go easy on you and you give me a +40 differential right now...

TIE swarm
This is an interesting matchup as well. Tie swarm decks are usually low destiny decks so they won't be forcing you to lose from attrition, almost ever. You're biggest concern is weapons. Drain on the ground at the Lower Corridor. You won't nearly have as many starships as they will so I'll be important to keep your ships loaded up with a few characters so you won't have to forfeit the ships in battle. It depends on the tie swarm deck but you might want to hold up at 1-3 good drains locations in space and drain away. their drain bonuses in space are done and they'll have to deploy 6 interceptors at a time just to draw battle destiny against you. If they're foolish enough to throw anyone down on the ground play scramble and their uniques in space will give them no ability. This will make it harder for them to spread out and you'll be able to widdle them down in battles a bit easier. Snag all power to weapons with Push. It'll be hard to beat them toward the beginning of the game but mid-late game, they'll run out of all power to weapons, they won't have enough ability to spread out and drain, and they won't be able to retrieve the interceptors they're losing anymore. Once this starts to happen, or when the opporitunity strikes, go cancel Sienar Fleet Systems and watch them slowly die.

PLEASE READ BEFORE RATING If your going to use the sorry excuse that Broken Concentration will kill this deck your wrong. I've got all the Dag sites in here and alters to get rid of it. It's a +4 to my draw but tracking low destiny cards is a joke to do. Not only that, but I don't necessarily need to get the testing done as fast as I can. This deck has more than enough firepower to hold off most of what they can throw at me while I work on my testing and getting rid of Broken Concentration. If I thought that Broken Concentration would kill the deck or otherwise shut it down, I simply wouldn't have built the deck. Besides, how many decks out there have NO tech cards against them. Let me think.....none? Besides, with almost everyone using prepared defenses to pull other effects, I don't expect to see it coming out early in the game like it used to. Also,If you don't see how the deck works, then don't bother rating the deck at all. I'm tired of stupid people saying they don't understand the deck and give them 2 stars. I appreciate helpful reviews, thats all I'm tring to say.
'