---
layout: archive
author: ! Michael "Joz" Josem
title: ! "It wins"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-30
description: ! "The deck wins.  Use it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start
Raltiir
Raltiir Operations
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

If they start the Hoth Shields, also start Decree.  If they start Operatives, also start Battle Plan.  Otherwise, start Oppressive Enforcement.

Unknown Type
       Death Star II Docking Bay
       Desert
       Executor Docking Bay
       Forest
       Hoth Ice Plains
       Hoth Wampa Cave
       Jungle
       Rendili
       Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (16)
       4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
       Admiral Ozzel
     3 AT-ST Pilot
       Colonel Davod Jon
       Commander Igar
       Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
       IG-88 With Riot Gun
       Lieutenant Arnet
       Lieutenant Cabbel
       Lieutenant Commander Ardan
       Lieutenant Endicott
       Lord Vader
       Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
       Officer Evax

Vehicles (6)
       Blizzard 2
       Blizzard Scout 1
       Tempest 1
       Tempest Scout 1
       Tempest Scout 2
       Tempest Scout 5

Starships (6)
       Avenger
       Boba Fett In Slave I
       Bossk In Hound's Tooth
       Dengar In Punishing One
       Devastator
       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (9)
     2 Alter
       Masterful Move
     2 Monnok
       Overload
     2 Trample

Effects (11)
       Ability, Ability, Ability
       Battle Order
       Imperial Decree
       Oppressive Enforcement
       Sandwhirl
       Search And Destroy
       Something Special Planned For Them
       There'll Be Hell To Pay
       You Cannot Hide Forever

Weapons (1)
       Vader's Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Stategy Update
---------------------
You can't take anything for granted in this world, can you?

1.  SWCCGuy, you need to read some cards.  EBO can't drain @ Rendili 'cause you set up Decree, and the -1 negates it.  I got no idea what CHYBC would do against EBO...they occupy two battlegrounds easy

2. Are you going to be freaked out by someone playing TIEs?  I sincerely hope not.  Rendili is better since it gives you more force and suffices for a battleground system.

3. Emperor Palpatine and Overseeing It Personally are not worth including.  Here is why
a) Emperor costs 5 force to deploy, so you can't use him to occupy a DB early
b) Emperor can't participate in a beat down 'cause he can't deploy/move to where they are
c) Overseeing It Personally only works at sites related to where the Emperor is.  That means it does not work at his site...which means that the LS will attack those other sites first, which the Emperor is powerless to stop.
d) Overseeing It Personally requires your Imperials to be present at the site, which is bad 'cause then they can't hide in AT-STs, meaning that they get shot up by EPPs.  This is bad.

4. Overload also works nicely against someone using Luke to Jedi Train, and to get rid of those pesky X-Wing Laser Cannons which can otherwise cause a huge beatdown on a ship.  It's easy to track a destiny 0 to kill an EPP if required too.
-----------------------------

This deck won a regional.  It works.  Don't tell me ROps sucks, 'cause it doesn't.

The way to play the deck is pretty straight forward - If you get Ozzel or Endicott in your opening hand, you've almost got the game sewn up (it might even be worth playing a second of either).

Before activating, search for Rendili with Mob Points.	Then use Raltiir Ops to deploy a site - If you have Ozzel or Endicott in your opening hand and another card with ability you can deploy to a docking bay, get the spaceport docking bay.  Then use IAO to get one of the 1/0 docking bays, deploy something to both.  Second turn you activate 10 force minimum.  Flip second or third turn - You can do 2nd turn if you drew a site in your opening hand.

If you don't have an Ozzel or Endicot, get the swamp or desert out, and a 1/0 db, and then deploy a dude to the DB.  2nd turn, activate like 8 force, and flip 3rd turn...don't forget the dude you deploy to the 1/0 db can transit for free to the spaceport DB, so you can use him for the flip.

Beyond that, the play style for the rest of the game is up to what your opponent is doing

vs Ops - Battle Plan was started, so you activate loads of force, get Decree out, control 2 systems and make their drains 0.  You might need to go to their Farm and drain there, but you'll win eventually.  Mega destiny bonuses are huge.

vs EBO - Most of the time, it is not worth the effort of trying to battle EBO in space - since you started decree, throw a couple of walkers onto Hoth and use that to make all their drains 0.  Search and Destroy will make it a big win (in my regional, I played against 2 EBO decks, and won by 28 and 36.  Those scores speak for themselves

vs Mains - I playeda against mains in the final, and won comprehensively - Their drains are too small, and 'cause you got so much beatdown, they got no hope.	Put the desert in the middle, and they can't move, so at the worst let them have one site.  You're too fast, and their dudes are too expensive to deploy.

vs non-unique aliens - Trample, Choke, Hit, kill them and draw big destiny.  Easy

vs HB - the -1 drain kills them, and once you flip you can fetch stuff and use S+D to kill them if they don't come to the ground.  If they do come down, beat the crap out of them with the walkers and vaders and stuff.

vs Jedi Training - Raltiir Ops is really jedi test 1, jedi test 4 and jedi test 5 built in.  deploy search and destroy, make them lose 5 force a turn, and laugh at honor of the jedi.	Easy win. '