---
layout: archive
author: ! Eddie "ISBop" Brown
title: ! "Versatile RalOps"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-23
description: ! "This deck uses huge activation to set fip quick, and can counter almost every deck out there."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
Ralitiir Operations
Ralitiir
Twi'lek Advisor
(effect depends on opponent's deck)

Locations 12
Ralitiir
Forest
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Jungle
Coruscant
Kashyyyk
Death Star
Death Star War Room
Dagobah Cave
Hoth Wampa Cave
Hoth Ice Plains
Executor Meditation Chamber


Characters 15
DVDLOTS
Mara Jade
Commander Igar
General Veers
Colonel Dyer
EPP Fett
Captain Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Navy Trooper Vesden
Lieutenant Arnet
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Grand Moff Tarkin
AT-ST Pilot x3

Creatures 1
Bubo

Starships 6
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Devestator
Dreadnaught
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Executor

Vehicles 6
Tempest 1
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 5

Weapons 2
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrupts 7
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Shocking Revelation
Alter
Trample
Evader
Torture

Effects 10
Secret Plans
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
ABCTTU
Tentacle
Broken Concentration
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Bad Feeling Have I

Objective 1
Ralitiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire



'

Strategy: '

The start is important in this deck.  Your effect totally depends on your opponent and what he is playing.  That is explained at the bottom.  Don't worry about your opponent just yet.  Pull all 3 of your generic sites and get the objective flipped as soon as possible.  When you get it flipped, start pulling the twix sites with RalOps.	This way, you will probably be activating about 20 force per turn, so unless theyre playing like 10 Revos, you're fine.  If they are, pull Evader and watch them wince.  Now comes the fun part battling Now you have tons active and your locations out of your Life Force, go battle the opponent wherever they are.  With the +3 BDs, it will be pretty easy.  Space is well covered, so drain there if they are playing a ground deck.  Set up combos with RalOps game text, and battle away to victory  The destinies aren't great, so the +3 BD helps a lot.  There is only one Vader because he in danger with Glancing Blow, Uncontrollable Fury and whatever.  Plus, he's not really vital to this deck.  Here are some ways around popular strategies

Hidden Base
Piece of cake.	Pull Security Precautions and battle them in space.  Battle Order them if they have nothing on the ground.  The -1 FD modifier will screw them.  Hell2Pay/Tentacle Organized Attack, Alter S-Foils.  +3 BD will really hurt them.  Probe with the Big E and ZiMH.

Numbers
Put AT-ST pilots in walkers at your Ralitiir sites, totalling 9.  That should keep you covered for a while.  Pull Torture if need be.

MWYHL
Start Broken Concentration, then load up and haul over to Dagobah and raise Hell.  Beat up whoever you want and drain them to death.  Bad Feeling will slow down their mains.  Secret Plans if they make it to test 5.

Mains and Toys
Start Bad Feeling.  On Ralitiir, their mains are deploy +4, so you can spread thin and not worry about beatdown.  Drain in space and battle them off Ralitiir.	Trample if possible.  Oppressive Enforcement if they are Sense/Alter heavy.

Ops
Start Battle Order.  Flip fast and move to their planet.  Beatdown  Trample away the Op and crush whoever's left.  Their drains are chopped up with RalOps.  Slice and dice with the sabers, then drain away.  Easy game, should not lose a game to an Op deck.

Profit
Start Bad Feeling to slow down mains, or Secret Plans to make them pay to retrieve.  Flip and smack Han around.  Drain in space.  ABCTTU if they drain on Tatooine. '