---
layout: archive
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Squishy Monkey Noodles"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-27
description: ! "My walker garrison deck. My sister just said Squishy Monkey Noodles so i named it that."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
Hoth Ice Plains
Prep’d Defenses
IAO
Mob Points
Opressive Enforcement/TiNT

Characters(16)
Lt. Cabbel
Officer Evax
AT-ST pilot x2
Sergeant Major Bursk
DVDLOTS x2
Emperor Palpy
General Veers
Admiral Piett
Sergeant Narthax
Slim Lou (Sim Aloo)
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Chiraneu
DS-61-3
DS-61-4

Locations(6)
Hoth Mountains
Hoth Docking Bay
Hoth Defensive Permimeter
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth System
Sullust

Blue Cards(12)
Chimaera
Dominator
Bossk In Bus
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in PO
Imperial Walker x5
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Red Cards(19)
Imperial Command x3
Walker Garrison x5
Trample x4
Rebel Base Occupation
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Broken Concentration
He Is Not Ready
Overseeing it Personally
Ice Storm

Admirals Orders(2)
We’re In Attack Position Now x2





'

Strategy: '

--- Whoops, i forget Commander Igar...take out DS-61-3 for him. --

Ok, the idea behind this deck is that you can sit on hoth, with big drains of +2 at all the sites, with most of the cards easily gotten. The walkers and the tramples will make sure that they rarely get a battle destiny. Rebel Base Occupation and the AO dish out TONS of direct damage

Heres a turn by turn breakdown


1st Turn. Activate your 3 + whatever they give you. pull the Hoth DB, and if you got enough force from the oppenent, drop a DVDLOTS (if you drew him) at the DB, otherwise draw.

2nd Turn. Deploy any sites you may have drawn. Try to drop some guys to the DB to up your activation, but try to keep them on walkers or just use DVDLOTS. Draw any extra force.

3rd Turn. By now you should have some walkers and tramples. Use imperial command to get veers, and if you dont have any walkers, use walker garrison to grab one. stick veers on it, and keep drawing. if you can, use piett (grabbed with imperial command) to get merrejk, who can grab hoth for some more activation)

4th turn. this is the turn you should have out 3 hoth sites (atleast) and some walkers. if you can, drain with walker garrison, but try to save them for later, as they add to drains at the hoth system too. That means you can have a big drain of atleast 6, and up to 14 plus, later on, if you can get chiraneu out (again, imperial command) you can drain at sullust and hoth for an extra +1 for a total of 18. with overseeing it personally out, you can drain for 23, but that doesnt happen often, as they usually die from the earlier drains. Although that is unlikely this early, it can happen later on, but you usually dont get all your hoth sites out.

5th and up .. just play it by ear, it should do fairly well.

Now why i chose the cards i did


Ice Plains as a staring location -- its a twix, and it cuts the oppenent force down by 1 when they play EBO.

Opressive Enforcement/There is No Try (combo card) -- makes sense and alter not worth it for them. my card goes to the used pile, and they lose 2 force plus the sense/alter. makes trample better than ever... walker garrison too

Cabbel, Evax, DS-61-4 -- forfiet fodder, and they add to power of walkers and ships.

Commander Igar -- counts as a commander for the AO so they lose another extra force per turn. he also adds a destiny with tempest 1, which can be pulled with walker garrison.

AT-ST pilot -- why not the AT-AT pilot? cause these bad boys have 2 more destiny, one more forfiet, 2 ability instead of one, and are just plain cooler.

Sereant Major Bursk and Sergeant Narthax -- when together, they are both immune to ice storms, add one destiny, and bursk lets narthax deply -1. Also, your attrition is +2, and bursk is immune to attrition <3. bottom line, they rock

DVDLOTS -- no brainer, with the nice destiny, he chokes forfiet fodder and chewie

Emperor -- makes overseeing it personally work.

Veers -- works with imperial command, gets a destiny on any of the walkers, and can pull walkers from deck with walker garrison. works with the AO for direct damage.

Piett -- gets a commander or the AO, whichever you need more. plus he gets a destiny on any of the star destroyers

Slim Lou -- make sure the oppenent isnt tracking a nice destiny.

merrejk -- get hoth and sullust out so people can drain and you can activate more. also works with the AO for more direct damage

admiral chiraneu -- adds one to drains at the systems, is pullable with imperial command, adds a destiny/limits their destint with imperial command and is good forfiet fodder if the need comes by.

Sites -- there are so many so that i can pull them easily and so that i get more drains.

chimaera -- immune to attrition <4 by itself, with piett or evax, its <5 and witht he AO <6, and with a leader and the AO, <7.

Dominator -- and ability 2 SD for adding to drains with chiraneu. gains immunity with the AO

Bounty Hunter Ships -- they all have special abilitys that make them special...read the cards and you’ll know

Imperial Walkers -- non unique walkers with a perminant pilot and a low deploy of 4. ready to trample right out of the box

Blizz 2 and Tempest 1 -- the normal crew, of course

Imperial Command -- heart and soul of this deck, along with trample and walker garrison. this card lets you add destinys, limit destinys, and pull admirals and generals from your deck.. why not use this card in a big blue deck?

Walker Garrison -- drains +2 at hoth locations

Trample -- dead scrubs

Rebel Base Occupation -- more direct damage

Twi’lek -- i feel grabby....grabby for effects

Ice Storm -- their EPPs are gonners...my walkers and snow troopers are not.

Overseeing it Personally -- more drainage potential

Broken Concentration and He is Not Ready -- cause test one is PAINFUL. this combo subtracts 6 from their destiny when they are using an ability 5 person (son of skywalker, daughter of skywalker) and one less for each ability less they have (subtracts 5 for ability 4 alien testing decks). makes it almost impossible to complete test 1, and makes it atleast take a year and a half so you can get set up and atleast get one or two drains in on them.

We’re In Attack Position Now -- gives your ships immunity, and it makes them lose a force for each site your commander or general occupies...mmm excellent.

now for the matchups

EBO -- they dont get to put out the 4th marker, since the 5th will already be on table, meaning they get less force, and a nice force choke on em. The stupid shield makes things difficult though. If you see alot of EBO, i would suggest putting in an AT-AT cannon plus a target the main generator. that makes the shield go away.

Hidden Mains -- watch out for suicide attacks. use ice storm to make luke and obi go missing, so you dont have to worry about them for a while. try to drain before they can launch a million assaults on you. should be a tough (and fun) game.

Training -- get those training blockers out ASAP get broken concentration out first, then get he is not ready. that should hold them for atleast a while. and since they cant flip their OBJ like that, their +4 to the senses and alters should make it pretty hard to cancel your cards, plus it wont be worth it for them with the opp enforcemnt/ TiNT combo out. the drains will overcome their retrieval.

Profit -- this will be a direct damage game, but them having few to no ships will make the space drains go smoothly. you should be able to out drain/damage them since you have mulitple cards to cause damage while they have one, possibly two.

Agents -- stupid reps cancelling drains. if its new age, they probably wont have the swarm thing and the bargining table going, but if they do, thats about 5 force they are saving themselves each turn, plus they get retrieval. should be a good game, but when they run out of things to cancel with, its OVER.

thats about it. if you have any questions, please D-mail me, ill be sure to respond ASAP.

also, dont review this poorly just because im a nobody..it doesnt mean that i dont have good ideas, it just means i havent been playing as long. and if you give this a poor review, atleast have the guts to tell me why, if you wanna go be a @#$%, do it on someone elses time, any sarcastic low scores will be avenged.

--Geoff ”Loaf” Gallo-Cornell

p.s. if you are wondering about the title, ask my little sister...shes kinda messed up in the head...or maybe she was on a sugar high...i dunno, but it sounded funny.







'