---
layout: archive
author: ! Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: ! "Yoda’s Three I’s"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-06
description: ! "at least Kurt Angle got 1 right, intelligence. MWYHL test 6"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Mind What You Have Learned
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
The Way Of Things (6)

Locations

Dagobah Bog Clearing
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Kessel (6)

Starships

Millennium Falcon x 2
Home 1
Artoo in Red 5 (4)

Weapons

Anakin’s Lightsaber
Intruder Missile (2)

Jedi Tests

Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain Of Evil
Size Matters Not
It is the Future You See
You Must Confront Vader (6)

Effects

Reflection
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Uncontrollable Fury
Honor Of The Jedi
Ounee Ta
3 x Anger Fear Aggression (9)

Interrupts

4 x It Could Be Worse
4 x On The Edge
Gift Of The Mentor
Transmission Terminated
The Signal
Punch It
Throw Me Another Charge
Glancing Blow (14)

Characters

2 x Yoda
Daughter Of Skywalker
Leia With Blaster Rifle
2 x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
2 x Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Captain Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewbacca
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko (13) '

Strategy: '

NB Take out an On The edge for Cloud City Lower Corridor for an extra battleground, thanks to the people who suggested that

This is a MWYHL Test 6 deck with serious beatdown and retrieval capabilities.
Battle Plan slows them right from the off, and The Way of Things speeds up testing a bit,
plus with Wise Ad and the objective, sense and alter arent going to hurt you much.
I plan on training Leia, but u can train Luke If You have to. If you have another DOS, u
may want her in there, but i only have 1. First turn, grab Yodas Hut, and Yoda. Second turn,
get the training area, Leia, and Test 1. With any luck, you will have passed it by turn 4 at
the latest, the destiny in this deck is pretty good, lots of 4’s and 5’s. Test as fast as you
can, insert AFA whenever you get it. Reflection on Leia will help with retrieval. Once you flip,
having stacked a 6 or 7 (best case scenario Artoo  in red5, worst case scenario, a Jedi Luke or a 5)
The On The Edges are for after flipping, but if you are a good tracking person, do them whenever you want. Remember to take advantage of Test4, the ralops style ability is great. Then just go and hit
them with mains, who are guaranteed to hit whatever they go for (han + Leia can shoot Vader, sweet)
If you need 2 battleground grouns for CHYBC, send the mains to one of their locals and get set up at
kessel, its easy. There is plenty of Anti DS decks Tech in here, glancing blow and TT for Hunt Down.Ounee Ta is great because people will try to play ralops still, plus retrieving the top card is great, especially if its something crucial.Lots of It Could Be Worse for drains etc, its not too big a deal
if they grab it. Punch It and Gift of The Mentor are for clearing sites with huge attrition.
Honor IS Still Good because if they are not playing No Escape it still works.

VS SYFCA Ties

Probably the worst match up. Ties are fast, so you will have to go as quickly as possible. AFA will help, as will
ICBW. Once you flip, load up superfalcon and start clearing them out. Lateral Damage Wont Even hurt that much, because
you will get a 6 or 7 for destiny every time. If they go to ground for whatever reason, clear them out with luke/obi.
You could actually use Luke in R2inRed5 in you get desperate. Still winable by all means

VS BHBM

I would give them luke sharpish so they hurt themselves and Your destiny wont hurt you if they have No Escape. Dont go near them
if you can help it till after the flip. You are probably safe to go to kessel with superfalcon for drains, AFA will work good as will
Uncontrollable Fury if they dont have Lord Vader, DLOTS doesnt look quite so good with that on him. If you see an opening, take the
mains down but be wary. Should Win

VS Hunt Down

You should win this most times. Uncy fury again, AFA, ICBW, TT, there isnt that much they can do. They will have to pay for their measly
drains, so that may slow them down considerably. Go for it if you feel like it, but dont get Obi or Luke Turned, you can do without that.
The attrition will take out all versions of vader, so hes not safe. if they come to dagobah, go to where they left and drain there with ur
lightsabers etc.

VS JPSD Objective

This is a bit of a tricky 1 too. Not being able to cancel their drains is annoying, so you will have to hope you get a good start. If things start
getting bad, pile all the mains into 1 battle, but hit and run is best so they cant battle again and retrieve. Once you flip, you should have no
problem as you will kill left right and center, and retrieve everything (hopefully)

vs Ralops

Start Ounee Ta instead of Wise Advice. Go and beat the cr@p out of them. Battle Plan will screw them royally aswell. Park supefalcon at ralltir
and they will never get rid of you. Not much more i can bout ralops, but watch out for troopers.

VS Court

Dont battle until you are ready. Court normally does most of its damage through battles, not draining unless its like galid, emperor plapy overseeing it
personally etc, so try not to go fast that u make a mistake. Once you flip, usual strategy applies.

Thanks for Reading

Jamie Giberti  '