---
author: Brian "twigg" Terwilliger
title: Twigg’s Revenge - World Champion ISB
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-10
description: This is Matt Sokol’s World Champion’s Dark Deck.  Built the night before day 3 by yours truly.	Original deck idea from Kim Caton, decades ago in Philly.  This deck is fast effective, and well, went 3-0 in Day 3 slaying Clint Hayes, Rafaiel A.,
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objectives: (1)
ISB/Bad Mo’foe’s who drain alot (st)

Locations: (12)
Coruscant (st)
Caridia
Tat: Moisture Farm
Tat: Tusken Canyon
Tat: Jundland Wastes
Tat: Docking Bay
Tat: Deseret x2
<> Desert x2
<> Docking Bay x2

Walkers and Ships: (11)
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Blizzard 1
Blizzard Walker x2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Chimera
Boba in Slave I


Charachters: (13)
Outer Rim Scouts x9
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Fozec {don’t know how he got in there... :-)
Chall Bekan

Red: (23)
Hide and Seek (odds killer) (st)
Search and Destroy
Well Prepared (st)
Secret Plans
Gkk
Sandwhirl x4
Projected Telepathy x3
Set for Stun
Abyssn Ornament x2
Masterful Move
IAO (st)
Mobilization Points (st)
Security Precautions
Twil’ek Advisor x2
Ability, Ability, Ability
Unexpected Interruption



Strategy: 

**Deck EDIT**  I dont know why r how I put Unexpected Interruption in there, thats suppose to be a Den of Theifs... thanx ;-)

This deck is direct damage at its best.  The sandwhirls protect you from mains, so plant a scoutwalker with a ORS on it behind the whirl and place the walkers at the bigger drain sites.  The deserts and dockingbays allow you to go anywhere!  Dont dump hide and seek unless you are POSITIVE they arent playing #s.  Thats what its there for, the twileks get your effects, let that thing sit alone.  The strategy is quite simple.  Get sites, deploy walkers and agents, flip, drain for 14 a turn and win.  Yes, speeders and Blount give it hell, but the deck has ways of evading those cards.  The deck did its job and went 3-0 mainly on SHOCK value.  Of course any one who rates this now will have seen it inside and out, but at first look, its VERY hard top play against, since you dont know what to do.  This deck can beats mains, dagobah and xwings, which is what I desigend it to do.  Well any question, D-mail me, other wise enjoy.

Its solid, fast, and tough to play agaisnt.  Any questions on its effectiveness - LOOK AT WORLDS!!!

Twigg

PS- from top, also beat Yannik LaPointe.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

***Deck Edit***  Here is the strategy section that sooo many were bumed I didnt include.  Here ya go guys, sorry about the frustration....

Against any mains deck - Set up deserts, and walker w/ agent, walker w/ agent, walker w/ agent.  Unless you are really afraid of an early game beatdown, save the sandwhirls until they deploy their mains, and watch them go poof!  Dont forget, the tempest walkers can reaxct, so these things run all over the place.  If they go to cloud city, it becomes a drain race b/c your guys cant compete in battle, just set up at the db and drain drain drain.  Mains - ex win, CC mains, good game, you should out drain.  And drop a docking bay at Kessel to make the drain only 2.  And race drain him, he wont be doing muchj damage to you, itll depend on your speed against his speed.

Dagobah - Can absoultey kill this deck, usually never does.  But most dag decks ive seen dont test to 6, they test to 2 and thus dont use the card , immune to set for stun.  Well, thats what the set for stun is in there for.  You should set up very quickly against dagobah.  Sandwhirls ready to keep the Epps gone forever.

Hidden Base - Set up fast, drop the docking bays and his big drain systems and set up deserts and big drain sites.  Drain as fast as you can, get security precaustions out, beware of ###s, and probe.  The 2 ships I play have immunity so unless they get a 5, youll be fine.  Probe, gkk, continue your drains, ez win.

Profit, same as mains, the sandwhirls will keep them inside where you can bargaining table the drains and really only loose to profit, dump your agents and retrieve them with the flipped obj.  Usually a rase, but ISB will come out on top...

EBO - get resistance out (in my new version resistance is in there) , and set up fast, they will drain for a lot in space and you cant compete so let resistance know it down, and just set up seep drain.... should win unles they are draining at 3+ systesms.. then it will get tricky...

