---
author: Robert "The Tick" Dean
title: Denial of Service
side: Light
date: 2000-03-12
description: Don't know why I chose that deck title.  Profit deck I've been using with ideas borrowed from a few sources I've seen.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber (Start)
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine: Cantina  x2
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace  (Start)
Tatooine: Mos Eisley  x2

Characters (13)
Ben Kenobi  x2
Boussh	x2
Chewbacca
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han Solo  (Start)
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Master Luke  x3
Orrimaarko

Starships (2)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon

Interrupts (23)
Clash Of Sabers
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Tread On Me (Start)
Double Agent
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Lost In The Wilderness	x2
Nabrun Leids
Narrow Escape  x2
Run Luke, Run!
Shocking Information
Skywalkers
Smoke Screen
Someone Who Loves You  x2
Sorry About The Mess
Swing-And-A-Miss
Transmission Terminated  x2
Weapon Levitation  x2

Effects (8)
Advantage
Aim High
Disarmed
Do, Or Do Not  (Start)
Meditation
Scrambled Transmission	(Start)
Traffic Control
Ultimatum  (Start)

Weapons (3)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Leia's Blaster Rifle
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Devices (2)
Landing Claw  x2

Objective
You Can Either Profit By This... / Or Be Destroyed   (Start)


Strategy: 

Addition (March 15, 2000) - in response to Clint's (Gamemasters) review and to further define how to play Denial of Service overall. The deck doesn't need too many characters because with the supporting interrupts, effects and Ben the idea is this:  once the characters are on the table - they are not going anywhere anytime soon.
*****************************************************
Deck tries to free Han (duh) and retreive ten force.  Multiple copies of Cantina and Mos Eisley to try and get the shuffle up and running which makes this deck hurt.  Capable of applying a HUGE beatdown with the mains and destiny adding capabilities.  I've found that not using A Gift has helped because most decks that get really screwed by it are also packing the goods to counter it - so why bother wasting the card slots?  Don't be afraid to wait until you've got the cards in your hand to really hurt the opponent after Han is freed.  If you cannot keep Han alive you are finished.  Run Luke Run is handy for spreading out a bit.  Narrow Escape allows for excellent spreading and draining as well as more hurt from the objective.  Hunt Down withers and dies from this deck as it is easy to win the duels.

VS Hunt Down - try to get Boussh to cover the drain that the DS tries to get at JP.  Lost In the Wilderness on Vader followed by a site cleansing can prove game winner.  As well as simply defeating Vader or Jade in a duel.	Trans Term is (of course) big here.  Often DS will allow the cancellation because if you just avoid Vader you will likely be causing far more damage with your drains and the objective and he will want to slow down his force loss.

VS RallOps - Flip quick and get spreading and draining.  This will be a hard game for you.  Narrow Escape is great here.  If by some miracle he is not using IAO then teleport in and hammer a Raltiir site.  If you can actually get chars or	a ships to Raltiir  to slow him down then do so - even at the cost of waiting to save Han.  You can get him later because he'll be trying hard to get you off his planet.

VS Court of the Vile Gangster - could be a tough game - depending.  Boussh will be working overtime as Han is very likely to get captured again.  Someone Who Loves you is usually the best way to free Han.  In a heads up fight with a lot of BH you'll have your hands full.  Hopefully you'll be able to have ALL the God cards to mess him up like Disarmed Sorry about the mess, Leia's BR etc to create a one-sided battle to your liking.  Weapon Lev is not as useful here but you can usually kill something and play Advantage.

VS TIE Swarm.  Try to get Aim High out. Spread and Drain as fast as you can.  Narrow Escapes are good to hide behind although you may wish to keep Han with Ben at most times.	Landing Claw could perhaps be used on a Dreadnaught but don't bank on it.  I rarely use the ships in this deck.  Don't forget that Lando in Falcon counts for force loss from the Obj.

Vs Other Ops - Teleport Beatdown if possible.  If a manipulator style deck you have only one shocking to rely on.  Hopefully it will convince him to not SCrew you.  If not you'll be in for a long game.

VS Dark Deal Obj: Try to save Boussh for UC spy duty on CC.  If possible give her Meditation and her BR and if the characters at her site get weak then bust her loose and kill them dead.  Spread and drain is also a good option here and you'll need those narrow escapes again or at the very least you will need the cantina shuffle.

VS Little Kids - let them pick up and look at the spiffy cards and answer their questions.

Thanks to all those who had some great ideas for building this fun and effective deck type.  It has served me very well.  Version 1.1 coming if I get some great suggestions.	