---
layout: archive
author: ! Greg "rabidjedi" Heisler
title: ! "Bring Him Before Me is MONEY"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-01
description: ! "This deck revolves around the new Mobilization Points effect and Sienar Fleet Systems.  The deck is currently undefeated."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place

Locations(8)

DS2 Throne Room
DS2 Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Kiffex
Endor
Kashyyyk
Sullest
Wakeelmui

Characters(7)

Emperor Palpatine
2x Lord Vader
2x Darth Vader, DLOTS
1x Darth Vader
1x Grand Moff Tarkin

Starships(15)

10x Tie Defenders
3x Dreadnoughts
1x Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
1x Bossk in Hound's Tooth

Weapons(2)

2x Vader's Saber

Admiral's Order(1)

Battle Deployment

Interrupts(12)

Prepared Defenses
Rise My Friend
4x All Power to Weapons
2x Dark Manuevers
2x Twi'lek Advisor
Pride of the Empire
Short Range Fighters

Effects(14)

Imperial Arrest Order
Your Destiny
Lateral Damamge
Reactor Terminal
2x Presence of the Force
Insignificant Rebellion
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Imperial Decree
Emperor's Power
Mobilization Points
Sienar Fleet Systems
Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order

'

Strategy: '

Ok, this deck suprises the hell out of people.  Tie Defenders?  Whooo  Power 5 w/ All power to Weapons is Money  Hyperspeed and destiny 3.  Tie Scouts were first, but Defenders are just so much more powerful.

The Dark Manuevers are for getting your manuever higher so that you are not power -2.

You dominate in space.	You can get drains up to like 8 or 9 easy.  Vader on the ground with a saber is a wall.  If you need to you can go grab Luke and duel is monkey-butt, and school him.  Win battles in space and ground and insignificant rebellion will make make dueling him and winning possible.  Also, you can add a Tatooine docking bay if you are worried about Profit.	Alter is not worth playing just for Honor, because good players will occupy first anyways.

The game winner can be Imperial Decree.  If you rule space, then make Vader your boogie man on the ground and cancel his bonuses

Enjoy

'