---
author: Mike "Kessling" Kessling
title: Suite Pee (Throne Room Odds)
side: Light
date: 2000-04-23
description: This deck starts Throne Room to appear like a normal mains deck. It actually isn't...It's *gasp* Odds!
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

throneroomodds.deck - Sun Apr 23 15:41:18 2000


Unknown Type:
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Farm
Swamp
Tibrin
Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

Characters (18)
8D8  x3
Artoo  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
R2-X2 (Artoo-Extoo)  x2
R5-M2 (Arfive-Emmtoo)  x2
Toryn Farr
Wedge Antilles

Creatures (2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (9)
Corellian Corvette
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing
Redemption
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (10)
Careful Planning
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Grimtaash  x2
Rebel Barrier
The Signal
Transmission Terminated  x3

Effects (13)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Never Tell Me The Odds	x4
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Traffic Control
Wars Not Make One Great
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2


Strategy: 

Start: Throne Room, swamp, farm, careful planning

*******Props to Scott LingrelL (sorry Scott) for iventing this archetype and for providing hints to good cards to play with based on TREPORTS*******


Strat: If you can, insert and drop droids first turn in the throne room. Get nudj's and 2/0 sites for mains attacks.

COTVG: This might be a tough matchup. Try to get odds moving quickly. Fight them with mains and use destiny adders, tibrin, and bacta tank to your advantage. Do as much battle damage as possible.

ISB: Get odds goin and kill there weenines. All your ships should help too.

Space: Once again, get odds goin. Use your ships to fight them where you can. Use Wedge and Toryn as pilots, and throw Luke/Han up there to help but don't let them stay for long. Hopefully you can last long enough and do some odds damage.

HDADTJ: Cancel Visage, get odds goin, kill vader with EPPS. Continuous odds damge should do them in.

ROPS: Get odds goin, kill vesden, take over space, and fight on ralltirr.

Also: the grimtassh and push on us? are to try and take out torture from the game. The mains should be able to kill a decent amount of things, and can recur with the tank and tibrin. I don't normally play with Traffic Control but I decided to include it becuase I seem to draw more than I usually do to always have what I want. I am thinking about uping the Odds count to 5.

I think that is about it. I will add in coments when the reviews come in.


Michael 'Troop1023' Kessling	  