---
author: Fabien "Red 71" Jacques
title: Yavin nudj with a CCity twist
side: Light
date: 2000-05-02
description: You have to be fast, so start Yavin4 nudj.
Cloud city is great, huge drains, interior site.
You make the rest.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (7)
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm
Swamp
Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room

Characters (17)
Captain Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Harc Seff
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Melas
Obi-Wan Kenobi x3
Orrimaarko
Princess Leia
Pucumir Thryss x2
Son of Skywalker x2
Tawss Khaa
Yoda
Yoxgit

Creature (2)
Nudj x2

Ships (2)
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (20)
Alter
Careful Planning
Courage Of A Skywalker
Nabrun Leids x2
Off The Edge x2
Path Of Least Resistance x2
Sense x4
Shocking Information
Smoke Screen x2
The Signal X2
Tunnel Vision
Weapon Levitation

Effects (8)
Bacta Tank
Docking And Repair Facilities
Lightsaber Proficiency
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Revolution
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?

Green (4)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
X-wing Laser Cannon
Landing Claw 

Strategy: 

General strategy
----------------
Get out your nudj and try to put a mains to
play your sense if needed.
Try to get out CCity as soon as possible to drain
and play nasty interrupts.

Some cards
----------
Saber + ccity sites + pucumyr + proficiency
-> huge drains !!!
You can get sabers with SoS and weapon levitation
(also cancel You are beaten).

If you can put Yoda on Dagobah, characters
on CCity are very strong !

Yoxgit deploy for free and retrieve the green cards.
Sabers, landing claw to cancel drains, Xwing cannon
for Zuckuss, Fett, ...

Use Smoke screen against Vader + Tarkin.
Nabrun and Path to battle everywhere.

Use bacta and docking repair to recycle
your characters and starchips. Use also the savrip
to stay on table. Use Order to engage when
appropriate and dont forget to retrieve with the edges.

Suggestions needed. 