---
author: J. "Jedi2000" Kegler
title: Ewoks - Take 2
side: Light
date: 2000-09-10
description: My ewok deck strongly revised for added power and w/ close air support some extra destinies
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Ewoks - Take 2
Starting:[6]
Endor: Chief Chripa's Hut
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Your Insight Serves You Well (Close Air Support)
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments


Characters[27]
COK
Chief Chirpax2
Colonel Cracken
DOSx3
Ewok Sentryx2
Ewok Spearmanx3
Gen.Calrissian
Gen. Crix Madine
Gen. Solo
Orrimarko
Romba
Graak
Ithorianx2
Ishi Tibx2
Kazak
Jedi Luke
Lt. Blount
Threepio
Wicket
Wuta



Effects:[6]
Bargaining Tablex2
Honor of the Jedi
Battle Plan
Traffic Controlx2





Interrupts:[7]
Ewok and Roll
Ewok Log Jamx2
Sound the Attack
Take the Initativex2
Yub!Yub!


Starships/Vechicles:[3]
Tala 1
Gold Squadron 1
Tala 2




Weapons/Devices:[4]
Orbital Minex2
Anakin's Saberx2




Admiral's Order:[1]
Concetrate All Fire


Locations:[6]
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Ewok Village
Endorx2
Endor:Rebel Landing Site


Strategy: 

ok starategy section:
start the hut it is a good twix site and ewoks dpleoy less there. Your Insight for close air support. Squadron assignemnts gets out Tala 1 and Colonel Cracken out in turn 2. Also i can get out calrissian w/ strike planning and get gold squadron 1 out for help.
Strike Planning I get crix madine very first turn. wait until u see what your opponent is playing and then see what u need. solo for ground or calrissian for space.
well lets see characters.
first turn after you get out madine get cok which lets u get out wuta. then for the following turns get out endor sites. w/ madine get col. cracken and kazak and your ewoks. ithorians for extra power w/ ewoks and put Threepio w/ lots of ewoks for back-up. Bargaining Table stops drains HOTJ if i really need it like really need it i'll get it but i dont see that happening. battle plan for heavy space or heavy ground and traffic control because i draw a lot so i can put osme of it back.
get Tala 1 out w/ crakcen out. dont put out tla 2 if tala 1 is there. save it if they leave!
sabers for drains and the ao is cool cuz it adds to immunity and gen. solo gets to like 4 atrittion.
endor x2 cuz i need it out!