---
layout: archive
author: ! Eric "Brutus_9" Steinhauser
title: ! "Challenge  em to a Duel"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-07
description: ! "Another high-destiny dueler with both the normal dueling ability and some battle power. It's got a 7-1 record so far, the one loss because I played it stupidly."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
--
HDADTJ/TFHGOOTU

Locations (5)
--
Dagobah Cave
Endor Back Door
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber

Characters (14)
--
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Dannik Jerriko
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x3
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand

Vehicles (2)
--
Blizzard 2
Flare-S Racing Swoop

Starships (3)
--
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (20)
--
Counter Assault
Evader
Focused Attack	x2
It's Worse
Masterful Move	x2
Monnok
Shocking Revelation
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Sniper
The Circle Is Now Complete  x2
Torture
Twi'lek Advisor  x3
Vader's Obsession  x2
You Are Beaten

Effects (12)
--
Battle Order
Crush The Rebellion
Failure At The Cave
Imperial Arrest Order
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Visage Of The Emperor  x3

Weapons (2)
--
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Epic Events (1)
--
Epic Duel
'

Strategy: '

Yes, I know it's been done before, but it's still extremely powerful, and I haven't seen many of these with the ability to fight with other characters.

First, the deck's qualifications  7-1 since its inception, losing only to a Profit deck that laid an extremely early beatdown on my two aliens in the AC.  Decline to deploy has been the deck's modus operandi ever since.	Luke has been turned to the dark side 5 times, Obi has been killed twice.  Neither Darth nor Mara have ever lost a duel.  Average margin of victory 18 force.

General strategy start IAO and get out the Landing Platform.  Get Vader down ASAP and start draining away.  Battle with the alien posse and duel if you need to.  POTF on the Back Door with Vader/Stick, Tarkin, and some backup is huge if it gets through.	Dueling should be saved for later in the game or if you're certain the opponent has no anti-dueling cards in hand.  Lost Monnok is very nice in this sense.  As always, if you can get Vader/Tarkin together to duel, initiate battle, then cancel a dueling destiny.	Focused attack ensures the victory.

vs. Profit start Secret Plans, especially if they start with a Han of power<3.  Don't deploy any aliens to the chamber -- avoid the beatdown.  Let them try to flip their objective, then bring in the alien posse for battle.  Duel Luke, but be wary of Ben Kenobi. Dannik Jerriko's ability to put Han out of play is huge.

vs. Ops start Battle Order.  This is probably the deck's toughest opponent, especially if they're going Speeder Ops.  Dueling probably won't be much concern if they get Obi/Luke into speeders, but get Vader and the gang down to a good site (Farm, preferrably) and hold a good drain.	Let Visage and battle eat into them, and hope that you can either keep the Jedi off the table or catch them unprepared for a little swordplay.

vs. Y4/Careful Planning  This isn't seen too much in my area, but start IAO and get Vader to the Landing Platform ASAP.  Pull out Crush the Rebellion and deal with any Revolutions.	Shocking Revelation / TBHTP for abusive interrupts and manipulators.

vs. MWYHL Start IAO.  Get Vader down, battle where needed, and try to get the posse down to Dagobah.  Failure at the Cave helps interrupt their Jedi love-fest.  Visage should hurt them pretty badly, but be quick about it.	Win the game before they get to test 5, that's the big thing.

vs. HBX Start IAO, then get Battle Order and Security Precautions out ASAP.  Be wary of going into space, but make them pay on the ground.

vs. HB/OMDH Start IAO.  Get Secret Plans out ASAP, and try to take down their ground characters.  Visage should hurt.	Eminently winnable, particularly if you can duel.

vs. Rebel Strike Team Start IAO again.  Keep them from pulling off the Epic Event by holding the Bunker with the power characters.  Duel if you can, particularly if the objective is unflipped.

vs. M&T  Fight and duel.  Good destinies + smart play should equal a win.

vs. Numbers  Rarely seen in my area, so only one Torture.  Resistance or another Torture could be added in lieu of a Masterful Move or other interrupt.

I think that's pretty much it.  Like I said, I know it's been done, but this is what I consider a more powerful take on this prevalent strategy.  I'd like to know what you think '