---
layout: archive
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Saber In Your Eye"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-12
description: ! "With the blast shield Down, I can’t even see. How am I supposed to fight?"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Ok, this deck came to me when i was getting ready for bed last night, and i think it will do pretty well, cause its pretty tricky.

Here it goes....

Starting(8)
Hunt Down
Meditation Chamber
Holotheatre
Visage Of The Emperor
Prep’d Defenses for
Mob Points
There is No Try
Imperial Arrest Order

Characters(9)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
Darth Vader (mmm black border)
Tech Mo’r x2

Locations(4)
DDocking Bay
Wakeelmui
Executor Docking Bay
Sullust

Effects(12)
Oppresive Enforcement
No Escape
Your Eyes Can Decieve You x2
Reactor Terminal
Visage Of The Emperor
3,720 to 1 x2
Sienar Fleet Systems
Presence Of The Force
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2

Interrupts(17)
Fear x5
All Power To Weapons x3
Holonet Transmission
Twi’lek Advisor x3
Limited Resources x3
Tallon Roll x2

Ships(8)
Dreadnaught x2
Empy’s Sword
Empy’s Shield
Scythe Squad TIE x3
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Weapons(2)
Vader’s Red Flashlight x2

'

Strategy: '

Ok, start by twi’leking for Your Eyes Can Deceive you ASAP That card is the king card Ok, your first question is going to be, WHY THE HELL IS HE USING THAT PIECE OF JUNK CARD? Well, the answer is simple, its one of the meanest card ever. Its pure evil. This is what you do with it. Put it down, and you make them so they cant see what cards they lose off their deck, and therefore are less likely to lose cards from their deck, because they’d be fearful of what they might lose (a key card, perhaps?). Use the fears (another mean card) to aid their losing of cards from their hand, then lay down a limited resources for a nice 4 force loss at the end of your turn, then play another during their turn for another 2 force. Thats six force you made them lose, just because they didnt want to lose cards from the top, but were forced to anyway. Now if they choose to lose cards from the top anyway (which they wont, i mean most people playing the game are not mentally ill) they will more than likely lose a key card, and not realize it. Perhaps they will even think that the card is in their force pile, draw up and waste a whole turn. The whole time visage will be pinging away at their decks/hands, helping you get limited resources down faster. The TIEs are there to help you get your lost interrupts back. The destiny isnt wonderful, but it isnt a fighting deck, its a sneaky stealth deck. The odds will hit them up for quite alot if they arent paying attention, but if they are, it doesnt matter much, its just there for a bigger differential.

Other reasons for cards

Mob Points And IAO -- obvious, for vader to get some activation.

TiNT -- protects your cards from S/A, namely Your Eyes Can Deceive You

Emperor and Tech -- destiny 6 characters that are good for one thing -- 3,720 to 1

Executor DB good to D lord vader -2, for a second turn vader just about every time.

Sullust -- good drain 2 systems, which helps fulfil HoTJ

Opressive Enforcement -- free grabbers, and recycles your cancelled cards

Your Eyes Deceive You -- incase you missed the whole big paragraph before this, it is took make your oppenent worry about what card is on top of their deck, and make them think twice about losing from there, so you can play limited resources easier

3,720 to 1 -- can be a game ender, but even if they play insights, they are likely to drop it for honor or something else, but incase they dont, it doesnt really matter, as its just there for easier wins, it isnt necessary.

Sienar Fleet Systems -- nice retrieval for your TIEs

PotF -- makes milwalkee into a BG system to fulfil honor and for a nice drain

There’ll Be Hell To Pay -- cause i felt grabby

Fear -- make their hand go away faster, so limited resources works faster

APTW -- enhances TIEs, and is a grabber deterent. have em grab that, see what i care.

Holonet -- id like another one of these, but i cant find room, since its good for stopping the ever so popular transmission terminated

Twi’leks -- cause twi’leks like to go fishing, and they usually catch an effect

limited resources -- read the card, its great

Tallon Roll -- fixes just about any rebel starfighter when used with the scythe squadrons who are 7 + destiny when using tallon roll

Dreadnaught -- destiny 4 when oppressive enforcement is down, plus they add power to TIEs

Empy’s Sword and Shield -- retrieves 3 when deployed

scythes -- nice destiny 4, good tallon rolling machines

ZiMH -- cause zuckuss is the GAND, and he stops destinies

Vaders Flashlight -- cause vader is afraid of the dark scary docking bays when he is there all by him self.


Matchups

EBO -- EASY. this deck wreaks ketwol and barqwin ebos. they cant tell whats on top of their decks, so they die. plus hunt down is just generally good at wreaking EBOs.

Profit -- ive never played a profit with this, but i would expect to play odds the whole time, since luke obi and han have low destinies, and let visage and fear do their jobs.

MWYHL -- should be easy. let odds hit them hard from the beginning, since yoda and luke/leia have horrible destinies. the visage and fear damage will leave them crying.

TIGIH -- take luke with vader asap, to get a force choke on them. then let odds tear their ewoks or mains apart, along with the limited resources damage.

BHBM -- if you are playing against BHBM with a HD, you have problems, and should quit the game.


--Loaf	'