---
layout: archive
author: ! Ted "Rogue15" Panczyszyn
title: ! "Big Pete s Revenge"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-10
description: ! "Force Denial Mains and Toys Schmackdown deck.  Nothing fancy, nothing tech, just let them bring it to you and get them where it hurts"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (3)

Combat Readiness
Hoth  Ice Plains
Hoth  Defensive Perimeter

Locations (8)

Hoth  Wampa Cave
Death Star  War Room
Death Star
Coruscant
Kashyyyk
Endor
Endor	Dark Forest
Endor	Forest Clearing

Characters (16)

DLOTS x2
Darth Vader
Lord Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
4LOM with gun
Boba Fett with gun
IG 88 with gun
Dengar with gun
Dr. E
Admiral Ozzel

Starships (4)

Bossk in Bus
Boba in S1
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in PU

Weapons (4)

Mara's LS x2
Vader's LS x2

Effects (6)

Disarmed
Reactor Terminal
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever
Bad Feeling Have I

Interrupts (19)

Sense x4
Alter x2
Elis x2
Omni Box x2
Twi'lek Advisor
Main Course
You are BEaten
Always Thinking with your Stomach
The Circle is Now COmplete
Masterful Move
Imperial Barrier
Monnok
Sniper'

Strategy: '

Its a beatdown deck.	The goal is simply to activate whatever force you need and use Endor locations to drain if your opponent doesn't give you anything else to mess with.	I had the most fun against Janiak's Profit deck, deploying Mara and Dr. E at the start and giving her a weapon from turn 1. There are enough characters to hold 1 system and 2 ground locations easily.  SAC always helps, as few peeps are playing Do Or Do Not/There is no Try around these parts.  I was also able to Elis at will at the last tournament I played in.  This deck was undefeated there, and the player who suggested this deck, Pete Srodoski, had similar success with it too.

The only weakness that I can forsee is a solid EBO or heavy space deck for obvious reasons.  I would prefer to get my drains of 4-6 per turn on Endor and maybe try to thin out some of their space.  Of course a heavy LS SAC would also slow this deck down too.

Thanks for reading and any suggestions/comments are welcome'