---
author: Jayke "Lord_vader20" Ball
title: The Prophecy V.2
side: Dark
date: 2000-12-18
description: Even better court deck
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

 		Starting:
		 Court of the Vile Gangster
		 Tat: Great Pit of Carkoon
		 Jabbas Palace: Audience Chamber
		 Jabbas Palace: Dungeon
		 Prep?d Defenses
		 No Bargain
		 Power of the Hut
		 Oppressive Enforcement

		 Locations:
		 Jabba?s Palace
		 Cantina
		 Jabbas Palce Lower CHambers

		 Characters:
		 Jabba the Hut
		 Jabba
		 4LOM w/gun x2
		 Fett w/gun x2
		 Jodo Kast
		 Dr. Evazan x2
		 Outer Rim Scout x2
		 Cloud City Engineer
		 Chall Bekan
		 Boelo
		 Djas Puhr
		 IG88 w/gun
		 Gailid
		 Dengar w/gun
		 Ephant Mon
		 Bubo

		 Starships:
		 Bossk in HT
		 Dengar in P1
		 Zuckuss in MH
		 Jabba?s Space Cruiser

		 Interrupts:
		 Imperial Barrier x2
		 Hidden Weapons x2
		 Control x2
		 Hutt Smooch x2
		 None Shall Pass x2
		 Twilek Adv
		 Sniper

		 Effects:
		 You Can?t Hide 4ever
		 Secret Plans
		 First Strike
		 Search & Destroy
		 Security Precautions
		 Scum & Villainy x2
		 Disarmed x2
		 Hutt Influence
Presence of the Force x2



Strategy: 

RESPONSES TO FIRST PORSTING:
I dont rely on ephont mon to win me the game. I also dont think this deck sucks, because it hasnt lost yet. I am not trying to be @#$%y, but it just hasnt lost yet. Yes, Choke can be harmful, but not a game loser.
*****************

		 Ok, Before you guys give me a 1/2 saying I copied
		 the "Invicible Court" deck, hear me out. I play tested
		 his deck, and I found that this version workes way
		 better. It got me 3rd place in my last tournie, it went
		 3-0. Ok here is the Stategy:

		 I changed a few this from the invicible court deck. I
		 added in some of the new Jabbas Palace Sealed
		 deck cards such as HUtt Influence and Power of the
		 Hut. These cards tottaly make the deck run alot
		 better. Power of the HUtt allows you to search for
		 Ephont Mon, Boelo and your Hutt Influence. HUtt
		 Influnce doenst let them cancel or modify your drains
		 where you have two different aliens (perfect for
		 Hidden Base). I also added a Bubo and another Hutt
		 smooch because a few people play heavy spies
		 here. I took out Mara Jade because she can screw
		 up Scum and Vilany and None shall Pass, plus if
		 they play eloms, she could be a game loser for you. I
		 agree, her +1 drain is nice, but just use galid or I added
		 in Presence of the force. I also ditched Mighty Jabba for Jabba the Hut.
		 This deck doesnt give you big activation if you play
		 against any kind of force choke deck. Being able to
		 activate 1 force for each drain with an alien can help
		 alot. Plus he adds to the forfet of your other aliens.
		 OK, lets see some matchups:

		 PROFIT: Start Jabba and Chall Bekan. Search for
		 your cloud city engineer. Deploy him you first turn
		 and convert your site back. COnvert Jabbas Palace
		 ASAP. Then just use your deck to fish out your
		 aliens and Independant ships if nessisary. Scum,
		 None shall pass, Imperial barrier, and Ephont Mon
		 will keep them from getting han. Make shure you get
		 out secret plans, because most people wont have 10
		 force sitting there to pay for thier retrival. YOu should
		 crush this easily.

		 HIDDEN BASE: Tough Game. Get out Hutt INfluence
		 so they cant cancel your drains. Search for indepent
		 ships and deploy them in bunches. Becareful of
		 Reacts and beatdowns. Use your controls to cancel
		 thier drains.

		 AGENTS: Be carful of speeders, use you aliens and beat them down.

		 TIGIH: STAY AWAY FROM LUKE. If you get
		 someone like boba and evason, go dissarm and
		 operate on him (EVIL). There, by by luke. Then
		 becarful of speeders, if you suspect speeders, stay
		 inside and drain.

		 ANYTHING ELSE: Just play normally and react to
		 what your opponent does.

		 If anyone uses this and does really well with it,
		 please tell me! THANKS FOR REVIEWING!

		 -JB  