---
layout: archive
author: ! Trae "Freak4Life" Cadenhead
title: ! "Hansicle Freeing Bomb Machine V2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-19
description: ! "A new, improved version of the first Decktech deck using Timer Mines (to my knowledge that is). If you read the article Mine Games, then this deck should make sense to you."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

Locations (4)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber (starting)
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (starting)

Characters (23)
Baragwin  x3
Bothan Spy  x3
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Han
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
LIN-V8K (Elleyein-Veeatekay)  x5
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa

Creatures (2)
Wortt  x2

Starships (3)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (11)
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
It Can Wait  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x2
The Signal  x3 (starting)
Throw Me Another Charge  x2

Effects (10)
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Crash Site Memorial
Do, Or Do Not
Mechanical Failure
Traffic Control
Uh-oh (starting)
Undercover  x3

Weapons/Devices (6)
Timer Mine  x4
Landing Claw  x2


'

Strategy: '

This is my second version of the deck. I have changed some cards since the first version. I took out 1 mining droid, 2 Timer Mines, 1 Mechanical Failure, Anger Fear Aggression, Never Tell Me The Odds, and Transmission Terminated since the last version. I replaced those cards with 2 Throw Me Another Charge (6 destiny used interrupt which lets you search for a Timer Mine in reserve. Also cancel Dark Jedi Presence and Trooper Assault among other things), another Don't Forget The Droids (not only does it protect against numbers, it also can be used with mining droids to cancel destiny draws), 2 Worrts (which keep opponent's characters from moving away from the Timer Mines), and 2 It Can Wait (play it when the opponent deploys to a site, then on your turn deploy a mine face down. Their character must deploy on the next turn and when it does it trips the mine). So those are the changes I made. I think they will help to make this deck even more effective.

The deck uses several different strategies to win. Your starting effect should be Uh-Oh On your first turn, if possible deploy a Baragwin to the AC, then pull Bo Shuda from reserve. If the opponent has aliens at the AC to keep you from releasing Han, then send in a mining droid and a Timer Mine to take out their characters. The Baragwin frees Han because he controls the location at that point. You retrieve a nice 10 force. If you're interested in keeping Han alive for the long haul then just leave him at the AC with Bo Shuda and nothing can happen to him (unless the opponent uses something like Sniper to nail him). Now you can go on the offensive. Your best way of attack is to send mining droids and mines to locations where the opponent is strongest and weaken him at those locations. When there is a weak location that's when you send in some EPPs to clean up and cause some big battle damage. If you think the opponent will be moving away from your Timer Mine then deploy Worrt to the location to stop his movement. When your EPPs are on table then you will be able to cause additional force loss with the flipped objective. Force drains can be canceled with Bargaining Table (Baragwins and Bothan Spies for that) and Undercover Bothans. Also you can send in mining droids to high drain locations where the opponent is hurting you so you can clear the area of his presence. Baragwins work great with this deck because they can retrieve your Timer Mines from the lost pile. Nar Shadaa Wind Chimes can be used to help get Baragwins and Bothans from the reserve and can also be used for some late game retrieval if you can track a lower destiny for that. Crash Site Memorial is another nice way to keep your droids and mines around so you can use them again.

As I see it, this deck stands a good chance against almost anything due to the ability of the mines to clear out areas. If you face a dueling Hunt Down deck, then don't try to fight Vader with Luke and Obi, let the droids take care of him There's no reason to risk a duel when you can just wipe out Luke's old man with a min. There are some nice tricks in the deck with It Can Wait, Worrt, and buried mines. I've got protection from numbers, protection from Sense/Alter, and  spies to cancel Visage if I face HDADTJ. The overall destiny isn't really too bad either and you can use the Reactor Terminal to track destinies so you can score big with your Timer Mines. If you feel like you need to know more about Timer Mines in order to understand how this deck works, then read my recent article Mine Games which shows all of the potential I see in mining.

Please let me know what you think about this deck. I want to perfect it as much as possible. I believe this is the first truly powerful, yet truly original deck that I have built and I am very excited about it. I'm not a pro or anything, so any help you can give in rating it is very appreciated. Thanks '