---
layout: archive
author: ! Ivan "ZippyDaJedi" Kanner
title: ! "Snakes & Spears"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-03
description: ! "Don't underestimate the power of Ewoks and Vines Snakes in thier natural habitat."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (5)
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Ewok Village
Farm
Swamp

Characters (26)
ASP-707 (Ayesspee)  x2
Chief Chirpa
Ewok Spearman  x15
Graak
Kazak
Logray
Lumat
Teebo
Threepio
Wicket
Wuta

Creatures (3)
Vine Snake  x3

Interrupts (13)
Careful Planning
Ewok and Roll
Ewok Rescue  x2
Lost in the Wilderness
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x2
Sound The Attack  x2
Surprise Assault
Surprise Counter Assault
The Signal
Were You Looking For Me?

Effects (3)
Bargaining Table
Weapons Display
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Weapons (10)
Ewok Catapult  x4
Ewok Spear  x6
'

Strategy: '

First thing this deck is NOT supposed to be a super powerful end all tourney winner. It's a deck that is just plain fun to play.

Start off with Chirpa's Hut and Careful Planning to pull the Farm and Swamp. Draw until you get some 'Woks and Snakes. Wait for your opponent to deploy some chumps to an Endor site. Deploy a Vine Snake, some 'Woks and Spears on the 'Woks. Have the Snake attach to a character. Remember, it doesn't attack. Now initiate a battle with the 'Woks. Target the character with the Snake attached using the Spear. If you draw sucessfully, you'll make thier power 0. If their power now = 0, the character is eaten and immediately lost. Here's the Vine Snake text if you need it
Habitat planet sites (except Hoth). Attacks by attaching to character. X = 0. Every move phase, draw destiny. Each time destiny > ability, add 1 to X. Character is power - X (eaten if power + 0).
Some of the other cards in here of note are ASPs and Catapults. They need no explaining. Neither do Counter Assault and Lost In The Wilderness. However, Weapons Display is an interesting last minute addition. With no starships, the first part of the game text is useless. But the 2nd part,  Once during each of your deploy phases, you may use 2 Force to deploy from Lost Pile one starship weapon, vehicle weapon or artillery weapon (for free), provides some help with those Catapults. Now you can deploy those Catapults that you lost to a drain directly from your Lost Pile. Then follow the game text on your next turn with the ASPs.
Be sure to take advantage of the Spearmen's game text. 2 at a site can draw destiny. At a 2/1 site and armed with Spears, they are now total power 8, can make 2 characters power 0, and draw destiny.
'Not bad for a little furball' '