---
author: Peter "martian" Hall
title: Chadra-Fans of Doom
side: Light
date: 2000-09-01
description: Deck is better than the title. Really.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (7):
Cloud City: Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Yavin 4: Docking Bay

Characters (20):
Bothan Spy  x2
Chadra-Fan  x12
Figrin D'an
Kabe
Oola
Rennek
Soth Petikkin
Tessek

Interrupts (18):
Blast The Door, Kid!
Control
Double Agent
Fallen Portal  x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate (start)
It Could Be Worse
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x2
Rebel Barrier
Surprise Assault
The Signal  x3
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now  x4

Effects (15)
Bacta Tank
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Civil Disorder
Draw Their Fire
Honor Of The Jedi
Insurrection (start)
Order To Engage
Staging Areas (start)
Traffic Control
Uh-oh! (start)
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice
Yarna d'al' Gargan


Strategy: 

This deck has yet to be refined, but I think it is a solid base. The ability to start Uh-Oh! AND two other effects is huge for non-unique decks. I went with Insurrection and Staging Areas in order to garuntee that the early game generation gets going. It might be wise to switch Insurrection for Wise Advice when playing a deck that is likely to have S/A or likely to supply docking bays (or both).

Once you get the better part of the crew (when in doubt, go Rennek, Kabe, Tessek, then everybody else) established at the AC, start plopping furry guys down at docking bays. Soth Petikkin lets you pull Chandra-Fan's or Bothan's as needed.

There is a healthy supply of pesky interrupts to provide the edge in battle. The old favorites Rebel Barrier and Fallen Portal as well as Double Agent and Blast the Door, Kid! make sure that the Chadra-Fan's are not overwhelmed.

The max drain is 13/turn, but 6-8 is more likely. This is supplemented by direct damage in the form of Civil Disorder, Order to Engage and Surprise Assault.

Several slots are devoted to stopping force loss, since a deck that drains heavy in space could pose a threat. ICBW, Honor of the Jedi, Bargaining Table, as well as a respectable retrieval package (Figgy + Chimes + DTF as a bonus) help offset the mediocre drain potential.

I am required by law to explain how to play versus the popular money decks, so here goes:

BHBM - Pull Honor of the Jedi and try to setup quickly. Oola if possible. Take the fight to Vader if they grab the necessary BG's in space.

Big Blue Space/TIEs - Speed is key, so try to get ground drains setup ASAP. Grab anything that cancels a drain. Also try to get Figgy to the AC.

RallOps - No deployment cost increase for the aliens, so invade Ralltiir early. Order to Engage, and later Civil Disorder are nice. Retrieval should turn the tide.

Everything else - Demonstrate the pure power of the Chadra-Fans.

