---
layout: archive
author: ! Jared "Romas" Beavers
title: ! "You re Not Going Into and Asteroid Field   "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-11
description: ! "Using a Powerful Fleet, the DS rules the Skies, and retrieves a little too."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (13)
     3 Asteroid Field
     2 Big One
       Death Star
       Endor
       Kashyyyk
       Kessel
       Nal Hutta
     3 Wakeelmui

Characters (4)
     4 R5-A2 (Arfive-Aytoo)

Starships (23)
     4 Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
       Executor
     2 TIE Assault Squadron
    15 TIE Fighter
       Vengeance

Interrupts (10)
     4 All Power To Weapons
       Monnok
     4 Twi'lek Advisor
       Short Range Fighters

Effects (10)
     2 3,720 To 1
       Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
     2 Lateral Damage
     2 Sienar Fleet Systems
       There Is No Try
       There'll Be Hell To Pay
       Well Guarded
'

Strategy: '

Update. You can recycle your TIEs by dropping them into an asteroid field, killing them, and using return to base or sienar fleet systems. Also, remove Nal Hutta and Kessel and replace with Battle Order and Return to base.


I was toying around with my Sienar Fleet Deck and thought to myself "This is a great deck, but how could you make it better?" I thought and thought, and I tried my best to make it better. Please, read the strategy, look over the cards, and then tell me how to make it better.

Get your Sienar fleet going, then try and drop the asteroids at whatever planet you feel like. Park the Executor at the Big One, and drain a nice one. DO NOT let any of the rest of your fleet into the asteroid field. They will get hammered. Should your opponent go after the executor, try and hold off, next turn drop a lateral damage on them, and watch the asteroids crush them. Spread, drain, and retrieve. I think you'll find this deck works well. Good luck.

Card By Card
Locations- Used for activation (which you will get plenty of) and for draining. I typically start Death Star, and while this may give your opponent an advantage in that he gets to go first, you get a nice opening activation.

R5-A2 (Arfive-Aytoo)- This is what I really like about this deck, a side strategy. Once you put your dreadnaughts down, deploy these boogers onboard for a little extra power, and check out their destiny... I'll talk more about this later.

Dreadnaught- Obivously for TIE support, but also to carry around your droids.

Executor - Nuf Said.

TIE Assault Squadron- Drop these in place of 3 of your TIEs, recirculates your TIEs for more retrieval.

TIE Fighter- pretty self explanatory

Vengeance- again, TIE support, but also nice power and armor.

The Interrupts- allow you to pull your effects, screw your opponent's doubles, and boost your TIEs power and junk.

3,720 To 1- the side strategy. Once you get your droids out, use a twilek and pull this out. Drop in your opponent's deck and wait.

Dreaded Imperial Starfleet- cancel those nasty drains.

Lateral Damage- to slam the SF or a Spiral. Helps out big.

Sienar Fleet Systems- retrieval.

There Is No Try- a little SAC protection ASAP.

There'll Be Hell To Pay- multiple interrupts? Nail'em

Well Guarded- protect those valuable TIEs.

VS. Certain Decks

TRM- going to be an easy game. once they start dropping those nice 1 destiny characters, start your inserts.
MWYHL- again, easy. Although the modifier thing will hurt, you can survive easily.
Ops- laugh at them, then destroy them. A spread out drain can hurt, but your retrieval will kill them.
RTP- this would be a good matchup, but I'll bet you can win.
'