---
layout: archive
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! "Stimmed Jim’s MKOS"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-26
description: ! "this is better than all other scum decks out there right now"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting
MKOS
Desert Heart
Jabba’s Palace
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
Oppressive Enforcement
Power of the Hutt

Locations
Audience Chamber
Lower Passages
Passenger Deck

Characters
Abyssin x2
Mighty Jabba
Jabba the Hutt
4-lom with gun x2
Ephant Mon
Chall Bekan
Gailid x2
CC Engineer
Merc. Pilot
Myo x2
Iggy w/ gun x2
Dr. Evazan
Bib fortuna
Mara
Fett w/ gun
Boelo
Dengar w/ gun

Effects
There’ll Be Hell to Pay x2
CHYBC
First Strike
Resistance
Search and Destroy
Hutt Influence
Scum x2

Interrupts
Twilek
Abyssin Ornament
Ghhhk
Masterful Move
Control
Sniper
Imp. Barrier x2
Projective Telepathy
Omni Box
None Shall Pass x3

Ships/Vehicles
Bossk in HT
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in PO
Jabba’s Sail Barge

Creature
Bubo

Weapons
Mara’s Saber
'

Strategy: '

BTW, cool note, your aliens on the passenger deck are also immune to <6 because they are on the sail barge.

Gen, thanks for the .5 star rating, maybe you like to leave 5 guys in the audience chamber, but 3 is the max for me (jabba, gailid and ephant), there’s plenty of other characters left, and realize Iggy with tracked destiny is a mains killer, 4-lom with any character is mains killer, and any character at Jabba’s palace is a mains killer because he’ll be driving the Sailbarge with is just a floating tank.  your argument about having a hand of defensive red cards make absolutly no sense, unless you’re an idiot you won’t lose all your characters from your hand, when selecting what to lose to force drains obviously you’ll want to keep a good variety of characters and interrupts in your hand, if you’re dumb as @#$% then maybe you’ll lose all your characters but don’t attribute stupidty to the deck.  oh yeah, you last comment amuses the hell outta me, i’m happy to see that some 1700 scrub has no ”faith” in scum decks in general, i guess all the rest of us are just totally mistaken and we’ve overlooked some obvious flaw that only you were able to catch, causing you to give my deck a rating of ”A loser, laugh at it, then destroy it, then verbally abuse the maker of this deck” haha, its so funny.

johyowza, you’re an idiot, against Jedi testing, bust out search and destroy and you’re still hitting them for 4 a turn, plus you get 2 extra force on your first turn, that can give you such a big jump on them that its not even funny.	why 2x 4lom and iggy?  if you don’t see how useful these 2 cards can be you shouldn’t even be playing this game, suppose they have JK luke sitting at some random site draining you for 2 or 3 a turn, and they have Ben Kenobi running around on tatooine retriving guys every turn.  on one turn throw down iggy and 4-lom and some other guys to kill ben kenobi and his gang, now of course Iggy and 4-lom are gonna be killed by weapon destiny/attrition, so next turn drop the same 2 guys with luke and kill him too.  having multiple Iggy and 4-loms doesn’t mean i’m gonna deploy those 2 early and sit them around somewhere defensivly, it means when i need those 2 cards in my hand, i will almost always have them.  Iggy and 4-lom are the main offensive wrecking crew of this deck (4-lom more so than iggy), infact in my altered version of this deck i have 3 4-loms in there ’cos he is just that good.  and about grabbed None Shall Passes, by the time they grab your none shall pass, you’ve usually played a couple already, and by that point their attack would have been so delayed already that it doesn’t really matter that much.  now in the rare situation when they grab your none shall pass and frozen asset you EARLY IN THE GAME, at the very least you’ll still have projective and Ghhhk, so you won’t be hurt that much, and you only have to lose 1 guy before lauching your counter attack (early in the game you’ll only have 1 guy / site anyways)

This is definitly the best Scum deck out there right now, the idea behind the deck is to flip your objective, and draw monster destinies by having both Jabba and Bib out on the table.

First turn pull Audience Chamber, pull Jabba, pull Hutt Influence

Second turn pull Lower Passages, Sail Barge, Passenger deck

third turn pull Ephant Mon and either throw him at the passenger deck or the Audience chamber depending on what you think your opponent will do to attack you.

at this point all of the 0’s are pulled out of your deck.  get gailid out as soon as you can at the audience chamber, and you should be draining for 4 total.  next you wait to see what your opponent does and react to it.

vs EBO If their start interrupt is Heading for the Medical frigate, start as usual.  if their starting interrupt is signal, start resistance instead of Oppressive.  get search and destroy out asap, and spread out over all of your sites.  you have drains of 7/turn and an additional 2 from search and destroy.  if they’re playing some kind of swarm deck they would have started with ANSB, and so your resistance would limit their drains a lot, even if they safely occupy 4 systems you will still be out damaging them, plus you start draining them first and you have a few ships to go out and fight them.  if they try to suicide mains you should have no problems barriering them and then hitting them for lots of damage because of your high destinies.  if they don’t start with signal but instead have 3 effects they’re usually playing some kind of mains/deadbolt variety and not swarm, and you can treat them as more of a mains deck.

vs HB secure the Audience Chamber and Jabba’s Palace along with search and destroy.  with Hutt Influence out they can’t cancel your drains and you should win pretty easily.

vs any kind of Mains variation (MWYHL, EBO, HB, can all lead to mains)  These games usually come down to a fight over the audience chamber or jabba’s palace.  you just have to sit on your drains of 4 and hold on to your barriers and none shall passes, make sure to not committ your important characters like iggy or 4-lom until after your opponent deployed his characters.  Most of the time they’ll drop some people down and fight you to a stand still at one of the sites, then on your turn you can drop the heavy guys you’ve been holding back and knock them off that site.  If people play a lot of SAC in your area switch out a grabber for a There is No Try.

vs DB madness (any type of deck that plays around DBs and fallen portals) the big weakness for you is that they can play fallen portal at your Jabba’s Palace, but a big advantage for you is that they can’t move around very easily on tatooine, usually these decks will play a Tatooine DB, but since the DB has to go on one side of the Desert Heart and JP is on the other, they’re faced with a tough decision, deploy to the docking bay and not be able to move over to Jabba’s Palace, or deploy to jabba’s palace and face the possiblity of having your guy bounced, wasting 7 force.  this also relieves you of the possibility of them deploying guys (like JK luke, Gen. Han, COK, etc) cheaply at other docking bays and then transiting over to tatooine, since they can’t make it to Jabba’s Palace where most of the action will be at.	Play very carefully around the fallen portals, when you start a battle at JP make sure if one high defense value guy or 2 low defense value guys get killed from the start you will still have the advantage.

Vs Agents  this decktype doesn’t really seem that potent, but i’ll include a strategy for it anyways.  most of the time they’ll start with audience chamber and the requried site to be able to pull bo-shouda from reserve, so you’ll be able to activate 7 force on turn one, you can either drop a couple guys at their starting site or drop the Sail barge from reserve and a merc pilot or abyssin or some other cheap guy on board (remember you have to occupy their starting site to pull use your text at JP) then pull out your audience chamber.  they won’t be able to pull bo-shouda from reserve now.  so sit and drain.	with iggy at the audience chamber you can sniper tessek, or you could sniper rennek and have bubo munch them. or you could just abandon the AC and fight them over the rest of tatooine, since its unlikly they’ll deploy non-tatooine locations, you only need to occupy 2 bgs to flip (no requirements about abyssins) and all your aliens are forfeit +2 because of you objective.  plus whatever aliens they’re playing with won’t be a match for your guys, power 3 chadra fans aren’t really that big of a problem when you could get rid of 1 or 2 of them during the weapons phase and draw 14 for total destiny...

Against Profit
start Mighty Jabba and chall, pulling the CC engineer into your hand.  first turn deploy the CC engineer to JP for 2, convert the site for 2, pull audience chamber and convert theirs, and movethe CC engineer back over to the audience chamber, from then on its an auto win.

why only 2 abyssins?
-i only want those abyssins so that i can flip my objective, after that i really don’t care what happens to them.  there’s quite a few ways to pull them from reserve, Ornament, Chall, or if you draw Jabba in your opening hand, you can pull them with the audience chamber text if it comes down to it, there really is never a problem with flipping the objective and keeping it flipped.  I know some people prefer to play abyssin swarm with this objective but i really think this type of deck is better, because with swarm if they manage to fight you out of the audience chamber, and have masta luke there or obi-wan to move Myo away your options are severly limited, where as this deck has so many options of attack besides the just straight up power of abyssin swarm ( i could go for power by deploying a lot of guys, go for attrition by deploying guys that add destinies or go for character elimination by having dr. e and iggy and guys with guns)

Why so few ships?
-against most space decks you’ll be able to out damage them so they’re forced to come to your turf and you’re not forced to go into theirs, the few ships are there for times when you have to make a strike team, they should never be used early in the game but should be deployed mid to late game to secure a stronghold in space.

Why so few locations?
-well, first turn you activate 5, second turn you activate 8, and third turn you’re activating 12 and all the 0’s are pulled out of your deck, so while you may not be able to activate insane amounts during the course of the game you will never be force choked either because all of your sites are pullable and guarenteed to come out.

Why not Well Guarded?
-this deck is pretty grimtaash proof already and well guarded would be an extra useless card.

Omni Box?
-i’ve really grown to love omni box and bith shuffle.  during the course of a game you can be sure a good player will be tracking his destinies.	you can totally derail their plans by playing this card on their reserve deck, just watch the guys face when the destinies he set up 3 turns ago comes to the top and you shuffle his reserve deck for him -)	plus if your opponent is playing a lot of on the edges, you can effectivly shut them down with this one card. besides all that its an easily recycled 5.

Sail Barge?????
-the sail barge is one of the great strengths of this deck, its like a walking tank on tatooine, when you have ephant at the passenger deck, your sail barge is immune to attrition and your aliens on there are immune to <6.	<8 if you have 2 non-uniques on there.	plus now you can venture into the desert heard with out fear of being trapped in there primed for a beat down.	plus now you can add a destiny because of the Merc. Pilot.

I’ll put in more strategy later.	     '