---
author: Josh "posh_josh" Kohman
title: ANTI-SCUM EBO???
side: Light
date: 2000-11-19
description: And another bounty hunter ship gets hit...
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Hoth: Main Power Generators
The Signal
Hoth: North Ridge
A New Secret Base

Locations:
Kiffex
Bespin
Tatooine
Endor
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo War Room

Characters:
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Boussh
Arcona
Zev Senesca
Hobbie

Starships
X-Wing	x12
Spiral

Weapons/Devices
X-Wing Laser Cannon  x2

Effects
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
WAYTTPOU  x2
EBO
Wise Advice
Honor Of The Jedi
Echo Base Garrison
The Planet That Is Farthest From
Incom Corporation
Rebel Fleet

Interrupts
Organized Attack  x4
The Signal  x3
Alter  x2
All Wings Report In  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2
Rebel Barrier  x2
Rapid Fire


Strategy: 

**********************update************************
if you give me 4 stars, and just say Good Job, Nice Tech, at least tell my why the fucl< it isnt a 5 star deck...  Dont screw me out of 5 stars because this isnt Clint Hays deck.  Keep an open mind.
Wedge231 or whatever... if I took out bespin for hoth, their destroyers could get off of Kiffex... besides, what would I do against dark deal then???  What possible amazing advantage would kashyyyk provide me with that was worth taking a star off?  Its all about ABCOTU
Thanks
********end update**********


The Cards...
-X-Wing Laser Cannon-  Dont lay this down till they lay stuff down.  Then either barrier their ships, or if you have a rapid fire in your hand, use that when they battle.

-Rapid Fire-  I first saw this tech in a deck Gary Carmen had... this card is saweet!  You can suprise them with a Cannon, or its like a 3rd Cannon... destiny 5 used... what could be better?

-Honor Of The Jedi-  I have yet to see No Escape being used in a tournament deck around my area.  Yes, this card isnt god anymore though... its just a lesser god. ;-)

-Echo Base Garrison-  This is used to pull out Hobbie and Zev so you can actually get EBO out.	Those two, and either obi or an arcona usually get the job done.  If theyre playing alter, wait till alter is grabbed before getting this, or get out Wise Advice.

-The Planet That Is Farthest From-  Drain bonuses are evil!!! This, with tatooine, is a drain bonuses worst nightmare.	This card is mainly for the Bunker or Dark Deal decks, as it cant target Tatooine when its layed on Tatooine.

-Rebel Fleet-  its an undercover spy that goes to the biggest drain, cant be snipered, eaten, or trampled.  Can be altered though... oh well, nothing is perfect.

-WAYTTPOU-  Two of these are vital. They get rid of Sabbac, Sense, Alter, All Power To Weapons, Twileks, Imperial Barrier, Projective Telepathies, Short-Range Fighters, and of course Ghhhk.  all of which can be annoying to this deck.

-Spiral-  With Incom Inc. down, you can spread one ship per system, and still get a destiny when this pimpdaddy reacts down...

-Arcona-  If they arent playing with Senses, this card is the sugar.  It keeps imperial decree at bay, and satisfies Search and Destroy.  If theyre playing scum, they usually dont use Sense or Nemet, so he can cancel drains, and whatnot (till bubo gets a piece of him).

-Alter-  These offer a tiny bit of protection from Sense, which is important, seeing as all your interrupts are vital, and none of them are immune to sense. Also gets rid of S&D, AAA, and Lateral Damage.

-Order To Engage-  Its not in here, but it should be.  It goes well with Arcona, and you can chase around the Executor with 5 souped up X-Wings...

-The Parsec Game-  Try to lay down Kiffex first, your opponent will more then likely lay there and kick your asz.  All your other planets are 4 or more parsecs away, so their star destroyers will have a hard time getting around, leaving you to drain like a wench eater.

Heres The Matchups

-Any Scum Deck
The only ships scum decks REALLY uses are bounty hunter ships, all of which are starfighters (with the xception of bossk)... shoot em down, and barrier Bossk... drain... drain... drain.

-BHBM/Heavy SAC
This is your hardest matchup hands down...  Grab their SAC asap, then only use interrupts that are vulnerable to SAC when they dont have enough force, unless you want them to stack more of them... Be sure to save your alters for the times when you KNOW they only have one sense in their hand.  Do beatdowns with Luke, until Vader comes out, then either give them Luke or have him kick a little more asz, then give them Luke.  S&D is a beotch this game, especially since your Alters get sensed, and your Arconas have a difficult time reacting.	You can win this matchup though, just take it one turn at a time.  Look for possible ways of doing damage, and possible ways of cancelling things like S&D.  Also, dont depend on barriers in space this game... thats suicide...

-Sienar/TIES
Thisll be a fun game, if not a victorious one.	Try to lose as few X-Wings as possible, because TIEs can retrieve their lost comrades, but X-Wings dont have that advantage.  Use your X-Wing Laser Cannons like a basterd, and if their TIEs dont have hyperspeed, then just cleanse one system at a time.  Grab All Power To Weapons and Masterful Move.  Another reason OtE wouldnt go bad in this deck.  This game is just touch and go, though if played correctly, you should reign victories.

-HDADTJ
This is why your packing two transmission terminateds... the faster you use them, the more likely theyll be successful.  The Arcona goes well at the North Ridge, if they are neglecting to play Senses in their deck.	If they lay Vader off planet dont be afraid to lay Obi to the North Ridge.  Most HDADTJ dont pack too hardcore in the space aspect, so as long as you have a barrier (and they dont have a sense), then spread out...

-Bunker Deck
Pull out Endor and Tatooine, and throw ABCOTU down to negate their Overseeing it personally.  These decks sterio-typically dont use space... take advantage of that... SPREAD OUT!!!

-Dark Deal
Same strategy as the bunker deck, only these decks have space.	Just cancel their bonuses, mebbe take over their cloud sectors if possible, and play the game one turn at a time.

-Brangus Glee... SUPASTAR!
Grab their asz.  If theyre playing scum... you know what to do...  Get a satisfying drain at the Death Star when you can.

-ROPs
Its not that ROPs is dead, its just that no one is playing it.	Ive hardly seen the anti-rops card played. A good player, with a good rops deck, is still tournament viable.  Against this deck, get a strong hold at Tatooine, and set up ABCOTU to get rid of their Overseeing It Personally.  Try to get their drains down to zero.	Alter S&D, or if theyre not playing SAC... use the Arcona.  Dont let them set up decree, the Arcona comes in handy for that too.

Other Decks... Just feel them out, Drain, and win.


I feel confident that this deck will win most of its matchups.	Its consistent, and gets the job done.	Dont be afraid to spread out and drain if thats the only way you know you can win a matchup.  Atleast then it has a chance of working.	Good luck if you play this deck.	      