---
layout: archive
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Pepsi One Of Evil"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-10
description: ! "my speeders and eloms deck. the second version, the first was called diet coke of evil, and has 4.5 stars......thanks for reviewing."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
JP Audience Chamber
HFTMF
Menace Fades (or Draw Their Fire)
Staging Areas
Insurrection


Characters
Elom x9
ASP-707 x2
Tessek
Tanus Spijek
Ben Kenobi
EPP Luke
ECC Chewie
Corporal Beezer

Locations
Endor Back Door
Endor DB
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine DB
DDB
Yavin DB
Kessel

Ships N Vehicles
Snowspeeder x4
Sandspeeder x4
Home One
Red Leader in Red 1
Spiral
Green Squad A-wing x3


Interrupt and Effects

You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Draw Their Fire (may start, may not, depends on deck)
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Frozen Assets x2
Honor Of The Jedi
The Signal x2
Fallen Portal x2
Bo Shuda
Manuevering Flaps
Incom Corporation

Weapons & Devices
Ewoks Catapult
Portable Scanner
'

Strategy: '

-----------------------------
This is the second version of my deck entitled "diet coke of evil" i changed the cards, and edited the strategy, but i didnt fully re-write it. please d-mail me with questions.

Things i wanna put in
Another Ewok Catapult -- what should i ditch for it?
Some more speeders -- again, what to ditch?
EPP leia and han -- i dont have them, but what would i take out, please let me know
-----------------------------

start draw their fire against all decks but drainers (rumors, ISB, etc) and start menace fades against those drainers.

please give me any advice you have, i thank you in advance for reading my deck and strategy. please actually read it, instead of giving it a bad review and saying "eloms are cheese" or something to that nature. thanks.



This is my combo of my favorite decks. It uses eloms, speeders, and the staging areas/insurrection combo. It can drain for quite a bit, and its power is unstoppable. It uses eloms to fight the weaknesses of speeders (they cant go inside) and speeders to fight the weaknesses of eloms (they get trampled easy). if you dont understand something, PLEASE D-MAIL ME FIRST, i will gladly answer any questions.


This deck uses the eloms with their power 4 (when with an imperial, 2 when tanus is at AC, 5 when he is at AC, and when tanus is at AC and the elom with with an imperial)

use YWTMTJN to get tessek and tanus to the AC (tessek first) so they provide their bonuses. use ben to keep them alive.

just do the obivious, this deck is pretty self-explanetory (i had 3 pages written on it, but low and behold, they got messed up by my comp yay note sarcasm)


obivious things

frozen assets + draw their fire = absolutely deadly....it is just so evil

incom corp + speeders + manuevering flaps = power 6, ability 2 fighting machines....excellent

Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes + 9 eloms = lots of retrieved force

good ships + kessel = big, steady drain

drop beezer at the endor DB, get the portable scanner on her. next turn pull the ewok catapult, and drop an ASP droid to put it on your deck. do this every turn for consistant destiny 7's.

(sorry for the short strategy, but i had a really long one written, and it got screwed up, so if i have an inspiration (like 5 stars -) i might possibly re-write that strategy.

now for some VS on decktypes

Ralops
you can choose to invade them, with your eloms and speeders, which would probably keep them from flipping, and is a good idea. or you can just sit back and get in some early drains. a combo of early drains, and invading is probably the best idea.

Court
your AC converts theirs, so they get less activation. keep obi from getting eaten, so try to fallen portal the rancor. just try to out drain them, and if they arent packing alot of ships, drain at kessel for alot. pretty much a race to drain them before they can eat your guys.

Manip
try to keep the eloms out of your hand, as monnok hurts. onith wont hurt you with you only having three uniques, and two of them deploy right from deck (with take me to jabba now)

TIEs
a drain race. spread out on the ground and drain like crazy. let them spread thin in space, then surprize them with a fleet of ships. i want to throw in "i hope she's alright" to deal with them, but dont know what to take out, lmk. i also think that "i hope she's alright" might not work cause the eloms have a high destiny.

thank you for taking the time to read and review this deck. i spent a while on it, and got my original (or atleast i havent seen a similar one) deck idea from my favorite things, eloms and speeders. again, i am sorry about the lousy strat, but you understand the deck, right? if you dont, d-mail me BEFORE you review, and i will explain any questions you may have.

** about the name **
"you are the margarine of evil, the diet coke of evil just one calorie, not quite evil enough" -- Dr. Evil (i think this deck is plenty evil...)

the name of the first version was diet coke of evil, so i changed this one to pepsi one of evil


--Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
'