---
author: Jon "Bravo10" Tomayko
title: Jabba's Kind of (ISB) Scum
side: Dark
date: 2000-01-12
description: A new version of my ISB deck w/ EJP and some new cards
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (7)
Coruscant
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Judland Wastes
Tatooine: Lars Farm
Tatooine:Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber x2

Characters (28)
Bane Malar
Mara Jade x2
Boelo
Chall Bekan x2
EPP Darth Vader x2
Djas Puhr
Ephant Mon
Jabba x2
Mosep
Niado Duegad
Outer Rim Scout x9
5D6-RA-7 x2
4-LOM With Concusion Rifle
IG-88 with Riot Gun
U-3PO

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Starships (5)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Jabba's Space Crusier
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Weapon (1)
Mara's stick

Interupts (6)
Abyssin Ornament x2
Always Thinking with your Stomach
Jabba's Through with you
Sniper
Twilek Advisor

Effects (12)
Ability, Ability, Ability
A Bright Center to the Universe
Bad Feeling Have I
Broken Concentration
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Presence of the Force
Reactor Terminal
Relentless Tracking
Scum and Villany x2
Security Precautions

Objective (1)
Isb opperations/Empires Sinister Agents  

Strategy: 

Its a standard ISB deck with ORS. It centers around LOW deploy aliens (-1 from Jabba, Chall, and Scum)
I also retrieve with battles. Using Scum and First Strike.

Against MWYHL:
Start Broken Concentration and speed drain.

Against Ops:
Get ISB droid to their planet and flip.

Mains:
Battle and retrieve and outpower due to low deploy aliens.

Nothing too spectucular, but it gets the job done.

In response to Dack's review, I do not have many cards that can be SACed, and if they can it doesn't matter all that much. Also, IAO stops Nabruning and then battling me. 