---
author: Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: Just Another BHBM deck v. 2.0
side: Dark
date: 2000-09-20
description: It’s just another version of just another bhbm deck.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Cards Starting:
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place
Death Star 2: Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Sites:
Rendili
Endor: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Docking Bay
Death Star 2: Docking Bay
Spaceport: Docking Bay

Characters:
Emperor Palpatine
DVDLOTS x3
Lord Vader x2
U-3po
Mara Jade x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Captain Sarkli
ig-88 with gun
ds-61-2
officer evax
bubo

weapons:
vader’s lightsaber
mara jade’s lightsaber

blue cards:
dominator
flagship executor
chimaeara
zuckuss in mist hunter
bossk in hounds tooth
drednaught
tempest 1
tempest scout 6
blizzard 2

interrupts:
alter x2
rise my friend x2
masterful move x2
monnok
trample
imperial barrier x2
twi-lek advisor x2
projective telepathy x2
force lightning

effects:
lateral damage
search and destroy
emperors power
there’ll be hell to pay x2
reactor terminal
first strike



Strategy: 

Here’s a few things.	In order to keep hotj from taking effect there are 3 battleground docking bays.  so there.  I added cc docking bay because you can’t get to cc otherwise and i thought it would prove useful.

here’s a few of the strategies with the cards.  Force lightning will keep emperor alive.  don’t take luke until you are ready to either beat them severely in battle or are ready to have him turn to the dark side.	If you do you will be causing yourself an unneccesary force loss.

here are some of the matchups:

vs. profit

start an alien by all means! get mara down there, back her up with emperor turn one and try to get bubo out asap.  battle them on tattoine, if they are generating a super drain at a site put u-3po there that’s what he is there for.  once they spread to drain make them pay and slaughter the living crap out of who is left.  if you think the game through you should win unless you just get severly overplayed which happens to everyone.  not a guaranteed win, but really there never is a guaranteed win.

vs. rebel strike team

take over the system. don’t let them flip.  battle those scouts to oblivian.  turn luke if you feel so inclined.  win this.

vs. there is good in him

be careful here, and don’t be too rash.  pick and chose your battles, and if they set up drains, either begin slowing drains down, outdraining them or slaughter the living crap out of the drainers.  take luke only when you absolutely need him, and always use vader to do it.

vs. ebo and hidden base

good luck, battle wisely in space try to drain and cause direct damage, be very careful during these games.  if hb flips probe them till you get it.

basically with all these matchups or any others you need to think them out thoroughly.	this deck can not be explained, because it isn’t the same for everyone.  This is a hard deck to perform well with if you don’t have experience playing it, get used to it and change things around to fit your playing style so bhbm can perform best for you.  thanks  