---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "CmdCorranH" Austin
title: ! "NOT a STORYBOOK ending V4 2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-25
description: ! "This will be one of, or the last, version of this deck. I have made a few more changes based on advice from many people. Thanks guys :-)"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (8)
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place
Death Star 2 Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
You Cannot Hide Forever (Secret Plans against TIGIH & MWYHL)
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

LOCATIONS (4)
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star 2 Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Rendili (always pull after drawing your hand)

Charectors (18)
Mara Jade x2
Darth Vader
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS
Officer Evax
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Igar
Emperor Palpatine x2
4-LOM W/Con Rifle
Captain Sarkil
Captain Godherdt
ECC IG-88

Inturrupts (11)
Sense x3
Alter x2
Shocking Revelation
Rise My Friend
You Are Beaton
Imperial Barrier x2
Projective Telepathy

Effects (9)
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Reactor Terminal
Search and Destroy
Come Here You Big Coward
Emperor’s Power
Lateral Damage
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Oppressive Enforcement


Starships (6)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckess in Mist Hunter
Dominator
Devestator
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One

Weapons & Vehicals (4)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

By now everyone must know how this type of deck is played. What you do is play it like Throne Room mains and use Imperial Arrest Order & Mobilization Points to activate HOARDS of force. Use Imperial Arrest Order to pull docking bays (as well as make your ability 2 characters forfeit +2) and then throw down guys at the DB*s to activate 3 FORCE at each site (using Mobilization Points). With this activation at the DB*s + your other sites (which all get pulled FAST) & Emperor this deck activates 14 force on most turns (Emperor @ TR, 2 scrubs @ the non Battleground DB*s and Vader @ the CC DB with Rendili out). This gives you a huge advantage since you can get out EXTREAMLY fast and cause a lot of damage. Using the objective totally eliminates Luke which leaves any light side mains & toys with Han, Leia, Obi, and Eloms (who die easy b/c of having only 3 forfeit) which HURTS alot. Their only fighting chance is Oola who, as you can see, is taken care of with the shocking revelations. So mains & toys are dead and now let me explain space (I do talk about Jedi Testing below). Against space you want to get out and drain/your destiny them. Use your space fleet and extra characters to hit them where it hurts and use your forces wisely and you will win. Also for the people who say "I don't see how you drain" then here's the answer. TR mains had a drain potential of 0 and mine has a drain potential of 3-5. Since I play like TR mains I DON'T NEED TO DRAIN to win. Draining is NOT the point of the deck. Like TR mains the point is big beatdowns wherever your opponent is.

NOTE Use the <> docking bay to put on your opponent's planet (you'll notice that it can deploy on all the planets that people play with now except Endor-but they'll give you a DB).

AGAINST HIDDEN BASE Get set up with Vader and your docking bays and then pull Security Precautions with You Cannot Hide Forever. If they do not flip then they are SO DEAD since your drains combined with Your Destiny, and starship beats will wreak them. If they do flip get out SP and start probing away with your NICE ships (with scrubs and excess characters who aren*t being used to drain on the ground) and they are toast once they are probed. Really won*t be hard. AGINST EBO use pretty much the same strategy (no Security Precaution though). Also I DON*&#8217;T need more ships because of the many scrubs and extra people I have to throw in my ships.

AGAINST PROFIT Start Oppresive Enforcement instead of You Cannot Hide Forever. This deck will be a piece of cake since you get rid of Master Luke. But any ways start Mara and Dr.Evazan. Then if you feel like it you can deploy your first Emperor to the AC for an even greater force (or deploy him to TR and use Emperor*s power). Capture Luke, Circle Ben, Sense adders, Kill Han, etc. You can try to turn Luke if it suits you but the deck does fine any ways. And remember ELOMS DIE EASY (you*ll draw 2 destinies which will kill at least 2 at a time). Use your beats to kill of any if their forces and use Rise My Friend to pick up Darth at the right time (OUCH). If you can capture Han with IG-88 and they are dead. Piece of CAKE

AGAINST JEDI TEST TO 6 Start Secret Plans instead of You Cannot Hide Forever. Okay I added Come Here You Big Coward & Secret Plans so ditch their force retrieval. Get Darth out fast to start draining and making opponent lose to Your Destiny. When they deploy Luke just use a Docking Bay (you can deploy the Spaceport DB to the planet they are on) or use Rise My Friend to grab him with Darth or you can just beat him down. Get Come Here You Big Coward & Secret Plans out as well as search and destroy (if they don*t have any destiny <4 people on the table). Whenever they deploy Honer of the Jedi kick them off their battleground and then alter it (if you can*t then BIG DEAL it doesn*t hurt). Again, you can try to turn Luke if it suits you but the deck does fine any ways. I*m 6-0 against training. Also use Projective Telepathy to stop AFA*s.

AGAINST THERE IS GOOD IN HIM You do have the option of deploying Secret plans instead of You Cannot Hide Forever since SP alows you to pull Shockings (anti Oola-But You can't hide forever stops an early odds card). Just grab Luke W/Darth and then use Barrier/E.Power/Beatdowns to win most of the battles. If you feel like it you can bring Luke to the Emperor to duel Him (use Sim Aloo to stack their destinies). If you can turn Luke do it but otherwise just drain and beat them down when they deploy. As I said ELOMS will NOT cream me because they are so LOW forfeit that when I draw a total of 7 (with emperor*s power) they will have to lose 3 of them With only 8 Eloms in their deck and Luke gone from the picture they pretty are dead.

AGAINST Rebel Strike Team This is a deck I am 3-1 against but it has proved to be very competitive. I have found that the best way to beat it is hit them in the begging of the game (which is easy b/c of your force activation). Use You are Beaten to it&#8217;s fullest use and Emperor&#8217;s Power helps a lot towards winning battles. Luke coming back from lost pile is a PAIN so save Darth to capture him (TRUST ME). The 8 force loss age hurts but normally BHBM wins.

THANKS for reading this and reviewing my deck. Any suggestions are welcome.
'