---
author: Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: Easy Beatdown Operations
side: Light
date: 2000-12-22
description: Well, this is actually an EBO deck that doesn’t pack God knows how many x-wings, and it still wins.  It’s possible!  (I really hate Huntdown)
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: 4

1st Marker: MPG
4th Marker: North Ridge
The Signal
ANSB

Characters: 17
Luke Skywalker, JK
EPP Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi
EPP Obi-Wan
EPP Leia
EPP Han
EPP Chewie
EPP Lando
Tawss Khaa
Melas
General Rieekan
Colonel Cracken
Commander Wedge
Commander Vanden Willard
Zev Senesca
Hobbie
Figrin D’an

Starships: 13
Home One
Liberty
Spiral
Tantive IV
Redemption
Corellian Corvette x2
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing x3
Gold Squadron Y-wing x2

Effects: 8
EBO
Honor Of The Jedi
Haven
Aim High
Uncontrollable Fury
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?

Interrupts: 10
Sense x3
Alter x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Transmission Terminated x2
The Signal

Weapons: 1
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Locations: 7
Hoth: Echo War Room
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo DB
Kiffex
Ralltiir
Hoth
Mon Calamari 

Strategy: 

Okay, first of all, you might be wondering why no x-wing swarm?  Why all the characters?  There are many reasons, but the paramount one is this, I hate Huntdown.  Two Transmission Terminateds are one sign of this, but the one thing that always stopped my Swarm deck cold was a second turn Vader inVading and tearing up anything that got in his way.  As such, my EBG characters were eaten up, and I didn’t have the backup ready to retake Hoth.  This time, I wanted to make sure that wasn’t the case.  With the EPP characters their are 7 weapons in here, and three lightsabers.  Luke and Obi are a little precarious in the way of being dueled, but they are worth it.  I don’t use EBG in here because I don’t need it.  The reason the EBG characters are in the deck is because they are cheap, and they are all pilots, which can help.  I have found that 13-15 ships is a nice number.  You can control two systems relativately easily against most decks, and against the ones that make it tough you can slug it out.  First turn, I always grab two sites, unless I get two in my starting hand.  Second turn, grab whatever you need, get EBO cooking, and if you have a system, deploy it.  When you search your deck, look for ships in your force pile, as you don’t always draw a lot right away.  Get drains going at Kiffex and Ralltiir first, Kiffex is the biggest drain site and Ralltiir has the awesome reacting capability that more than makes up for the DS text, which many players forget about.

Vs Huntdown: Look for TT’s in your force pile along with Honor.  Many players don’t start No Escape in hopes to use it and get back a crucial card.  If vader comes knocking, send everything you have to try and kill him.  Try not to get dueled unless you have a saber, and even then it can be scary.  I’ve had Obi win duels with totals of something like 13-12, and that was with no DS focused attack, and good draws.	Drain like mad to cause more damage than they are.  Honor is still great even with No Escape, because their drains at Hoth sites are practically zero.

Vs Endor Ops non-flip: Not a problem, your characters will set EBO up and from then on, just kill them in space.  If you’re winning handily, go to three planets, but more often, draining at two will be sufficient.  If they play ties, save the senses and look for your grabber.  That can stop them cold.

Vs Endor Ops Flip: This still is an easy matchup.  Like above, you will be able to drain in space, often before them, and if they get ESB out, take back endor and that could be game since they’ll be deprived of their largest drain.  If you have an EPP or two, go for endor and cause some damage.

Vs MKOS: Well, pretty much all I see in the way of this are Myo and Co., so that’s what I’ll talk about.  Space will not be a worry, as even if they send up a Loaded ZiMH, just commence on beatdown after beatdown.  Aim high is great, as it stops most of their retrevial with Jabba’s Twerps and Abyssian Ornament late game.  Hold hoth, and light the air with laser fire.

Vs Rops: I can’t type, I’m laughing too hard!

Vs Dark Deal:  This is one of the harder matchups as they can cause just as much damage as you.  Get your drains set up ASAP, and send Luke and Obi in to hit a lone Bane Malar or Jodo Kast.  Watch out for Barriers, and make sure to have a sense or two ready.  Take control of Bespin, but watch their force count if they pull Executor.	If you get Cracken or Willard, team them up with a heavy hitter and nail one of the opponent’s "safe" sites.

Vs ties: Your senses and grabber are key.  It will be space from start to finish, so once EBO is up, send up your pilots and try to get Bacta tank out for some longevity.  Try and wrest Wakeelmui away from them, and don’t forget about Ralltiir’s reacting text.

Vs BHBM: Try not to let them get Luke.	I just can’t understand why everyone thinks this objective is so great.  It’s okay, but Huntdown, in my opinion, is a better, well-rounded objective.  Still, a first turn Empy is pretty cool  You should win by virtue of your drains.

