---
layout: archive
author: ! Ted "Rogue15" Panczyszyn
title: ! "Really Bad EBO Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-07
description: ! "This is a deck I slapped together for Wizard World.  It is not that bad, but it needs some fine tuning."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'

Starting (4)

Hoth  Main Power Generators
Hoth  North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations (6)

Hoth
Kiffex
Chandrilla
Hoth  Echo War Room
Hoth  Echo Docking Bay
Hoth  Echo Corridor

Admiral’s Orders (1)  Capital Support

Characters (15)

EPP Luke
EPP Han
EPP Leia
Luke Skywalker
General Calrissian
Wedge Antilles, Red Sq. Leader
Jeroen Webb
Admiral Ackbar
FO Thaneespi
Red Leader
Hobbie
Elyhek Rue
Tycho Celchu
Bren Quersey
Biggs Darklighter

Weapons (2)

X wing laser cannons

Starships (13)

RS 4
RS 1
Red 1
Red 3 (should go out…needs astromech)
R2 in red 5
Red 7
Red 8
Millenium Falcon
Liberty
Spiral
Independence
Home One
Tantive IV

Effects (10)

EBO
Haven
Insurrection
Wise Advise
Honor of the Jedi
Staging areas (may come out)
Your insight serves you well
Squadron assignments (may come out)
Ice storm
Traffic control

Interrupts (9)

Control x2
The Signal x2
Grimtaaash
Lost in the Wilderness
It could be worse
Houjix
Rebel Barrier
'

Strategy: '

Its EBO.  The trick is to deploy it ASAP.  Occasionally it happens 2nd turn, sometimes it takes 4-5 turns, depending on what characters you have.  It has gone 9-6 in tournament play.  The EPP's are there, of course, to make an effort to beat up their ground forces, but if you get EBO up and running quickly it will be a big drain race.  I added the controls to stop Imperial Propaganda (thanks, Frank) and/or buying time with a few early big drains.  If you've read the few reports I've written, you've seen when I've had problems with it.  You can trash rate it if you want, but I'd rather have feedback on what to add or change.  This is my first deck submission, and I may submit "Big Pete's Revenge" over the weekend.  '