---
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: Rise Up Or Be Destroyed
side: Light
date: 2000-03-30
description:   A die-hard mains and toys deck using the Profit objective.  Once the opponent's characters have been smashed, spread to cause maximum damage and retrieve with Tatooine Celebration.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

Locations (8):

Tatooine
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace (start)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber (start)
Jabba's Palace: Entrance Cavern
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut

Characters (18):

Ben Kenobi x 3
Master Luke x3
Leia With Blaster Rifle x 2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x 2
Chewbacca x 2
Wedge Antilles
Jeroen Webb
Momaw Nadon
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
BoShek

Weapons (5):

Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2
Chewbacca's Bowcaster

Starships (5):

Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Tantive IV
Spiral
Lando In Millennium Falcon

Effects (9):

Ultimatum
Scrambled Transmission
Do, Or Do Not
Goo Nee Tay
Tatooine Celebration
Traffic Control
Draw Their Fire
Beggar x2

Interrupts (14):

Don't Tread On Me
The Signal x 2
Sorry About The Mess
Nabrun Leids x 2
Clash Of Sabers
Quite A Mercenary
Transmission Terminated
Skywalkers
Someone Who Loves You x2
Shocking Information
First Aid  

Strategy: 

  Before you review this deck, a couple requests...

  Please do not tell me to use Premiere Han, I won't do it.  EPP Han is better, and I will free him with Someone Who Loves You or a battle before I have lost 10 force.

  Please do not tell me to include the Premiere Millennium Falcon.  Anyone who tries to make a Superfalcon deck out of the Profit objective is missing the whole point.

  This deck grew out of my Local Uprising mains/Celebration deck, hence the name.  Both copies of Han in this deck are the EPP version.  Free him with Someone Who Loves You and he adds a lot of firepower to your beatdown squad.  You'll only retrieve 5 force for flipping, but that's no big deal.
  Start with Don't Tread On Me for all three effects against everything except Hunt Down.  Goo Nee Tay is a better start versus this theme, as it keeps Vader from hitting the table too early.
  The key characters in here are Ben Kenobi and Master Luke.  Use them to hit the table with more firepower than the opponent can muster early in the game, and use Beggar/Draw Their Fire when you want to shut down interrupts like Ghhhk.
  A high destiny average helps this deck do a lot of damage with Master Luke's game text and all the weapons, extra battle destiny draws, et cetera.  You shouldn't have too much trouble clearing Tatooine of DS forces.  Then spread out so the text on Or Be Destroyed shreds the opponent's life force, and get out Tatooine Celebration for retrieval.
  Okay, fellows, start pulling it apart...  