---
author: Joe "JoeCool144" Fox
title: ISB Ties
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-29
description: A fun deck that takes care of the ground while draining big in the sky!
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Start
ISB Operations
Imperial Square
Prepared Defenses
Combat Response
Mobilization Points
Something Special Planned For Them

Characters
Boba Fett CC
Baron Soontir Fel
Major Turr Phennir
DS-181-4
Probe Droid x4
U-3PO

Starships
Tie Fighter x9
Dreadnaught x5
Slave 1
Saber 1
Saber 2
Saber 4
Executor
Bossk in ship
Emporer’s Shield
Emporer’s Sword
Tie Assault Squadron

Sites
Wakeelumai
Kiffex
Tatooine
Endor
Kashyyyk
Sullust

Effects
Sienar Fleet systems x2
Undercover x4
Presence Of The Force x2

Interrupts
All Power To Weapons x5
Dark Maneuvers x2
Short Range Fighters



Strategy: 

This deck is very very fun to play. You totally control their ground drains and you have plenty of space power. First, use mob. points to get wakeelumai out(if it is in your hand, get executor out). Get some locations out and deploy dreadnaughts then your free ties. Control the skies and drain, use presence to help. If they start ground drains, simply put down one of the 5 undercovers spies to stop the drain. If they play a deck that is in space, you should have plenty of power to fight em off! Just throw down a dreadnaught and a couple of free ties to each site. All power and Dark Maneuvers will help too. Late game, use all power to get out lots and lots of ties then use short range to retrieve. Use sienar and the ties (and squadrons) to retrieve up to 24 force. (deploy all ties, sabers, sword and shield, assault squadron, then the three ties that were put in the used pile with the squadron.) Also anytime you lose a tie, they go to used pile for more retrieval. So, unless they use indirect damage, then it will be hard to lose! Remember, The ISB objective is just to stop their drains with undercovers spies.  