---
layout: archive
author: ! Michael "faramir" Dalton
title: ! "Mind Your Droids"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-05
description: ! "Death Star Plans/Droid Insert deck based around MWYHL for Sense/Alter protection."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Vehicles (4)
Lift Tube  x2
Ronto  x2

Starships (1)
Lando In Millennium Falcon

Characters (13)
8D8  x2
Artoo  x2
BG-J38	x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
R2-X2 (Artoo-Extoo)
R4-E1 (Arfour-Eeone)
Wedge Antilles

Effects (15)
Anger, Fear, Aggression
Battle Plan
Death Star Plans  x3
Demotion
Descent Into The Dark
For Luck
Insurrection
Never Tell Me The Odds	x3
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
Wars Not Make One Great

Interrupts (16)
Effective Repairs  x2
Endor Celebration
Grimtaash
How Did We Get Into This Mess?	x5
Surprise Assault
The Signal
Transmission Terminated  x2
Visored Vision	x3

Locations10
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Death Star Trash Compactor
Dejarik Hologameboard
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Kessel
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4 Docking Bay

Objective
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
'

Strategy: '

Glad no one realized my stupidity before I did.  Take out the Descent into the Dark for another Projection of a Skywalker or something.

Start w/ Insurrection so you can pull your Docking Bays.  There you can drop your droids and start HDWGITM'ing.  You should be able to get a pretty early insert in.  HDWGITM through your deck to pull out key effects (Battle Plan, Wars Not Make One Great, For Luck) and your locations for force.  Set up 3 vehicles as well so you can get the 1 turn Death Star Plans going.  If they leave you any openings to drop an EPP and do some damage do so.  When you have enough of a lost pile go complete a Death Star Plans and get it all back.	Pretty simple.

Visored Visions - Early on you can guess Torture and hope to kill them before they cancel any of your insterts.  As you play it more you should get more of an idea what to guess.

Holotable - A safe battleground to help you get around CHYBC.

Effective Repairs - Great card, it basically doubles for any effect in your deck.  Get your Projection back if it dies on the Holotable, your insert if it hit, that Battle Plan you lost off reserve.

Demotion - For Vesden, and w/ For Luck out they pretty much can't alter it (unless Mara pulls a 0).

Kessel is in their for the late game drain, when your opponent is low on force and doesn't have much left to challenge you in space, Lando in Falcon w/ Wedge is a nice combo.

Lemme know what you think.  '