---
author: Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: Frank's Pile
side: Light
date: 2000-06-17
description: What the?  This deck doesn't have EBO in it?	And it doesn't suck?
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah
Dagobah : Yoda's Hut
Kashyyyk
Hoth: Echo War Room
Cloud City : Carbo Chamber
Cloud City : Lower Corridor
Cloud City : Guest Quarters

Characters (11)
Captain Han Solo x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi x2
Melas
Pucimer Thryss
ECC Lando

Effects (12)
What're Trying To Push On Us? x2
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
Insurrection
TPIFF
Bacta Tank
Order to Engage
Hiding in the Garbage (tech)
Battle Plan
Wise Advice

Interupts (26)
On The Edge x2
Off the Edge x2
Shocking Info x2
The Signal x2
Gift of the Mentor x2
Tunnel Vision x2
It Could Be Worse x2
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Path of Least Resistance x2
Alter x2
Narrow Escape
Run Luke Run
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Don't Forget the Droids
Sorry About The Mess

Ships (1)
Millenium Falcon

Hidden Base
Corellia (Because Corellia is the best)

Strategy: 

Response to reviews:

Against SAC you have plenty of protection.  You Sense something of mine?  Ok I'll grab and it play Alter.  So you wanna try your luck again?  Alter it.  Use 3 force to play a Sense and if you're succesful I put it in my used pile.  ooh big loss for me.	Not to mention you've pretty much lost 3 cards by doing so.  The effects aren't even that important.	Obviously I'm going to have to be careful if I think SAC is coming, and not spread out as much.

Against a focused dark deck : Use your brain.  You can win if you use your brain.  It Could Be Worse stuff, retrieve when you can, drain like a mother.. and you should win.

(end update)

mm kay.  Heres my version of Yannick Lapointe's Quebec winning deck.  I prefer the HB start to his Throne Room because this allows me to start Wise Advice and start pulling out locations.  Its a matter of preference I guess.

Secondly, I know I'm gonna take crap about the lack of characters.  I don't need them.  I can avoid battles with stuff like Narrow Escape and Path and then I can pick my battles with stuff like Path, Run Luke Run and Gift of the Mentor.	Basically you're not going to hurt my guys but I'm going to kill yours.  Bacta Tank helps too.

Alright, now for the gameplan:

vs Huntdown (start Wise Advice but find Battle Plan quickly)
Find Insurrection so Vader and Tarkin don't come over via Elis and duel you.  If they pick Vader up, find your anti-duel stuff using Hiding in the Garbage (told you it was tech).  You have insane destiny in here, shouldn't be a problem really.

Against straight beatdown Hunt Down, spread thin on CC, if they deploy against you, move out of the way and then crush them.  Start tracking your 5s and 6s and find Pucimer.  You're draining for 8 a turn and retrieving, and then stick out the Super Falcon with Order to Engage and you're set.

vs Court (start Battle Plan or Wise Advice, your choice)
Find Insurrection (especially vs Musicians) and drain on Cloud City.  The one a turn kinda sucks but you'll be retrieving it back anyways.  No big deal.  If they are playing Skrillings and Odds find DFTD and start It Could Be Worsing the Odds.  I haven't seen Odds played here since like 1998 so I'm not worried about it.  If you are, you could add another DFTD but I think you'll be fine.

vs TIEs (start Battle Plan)
Drain on Cloud City.  Retrieve and dump the Super Falcon.  You can Alter their nifty effects like Dreaded Imperial Starfleet and Siener Fleet Systems, so do it.  You will win this match up because you drain for so much.  If they make the mistake of deploying against you on CC, move out of the way then use Run Luke Run, Path and adders to beat the hell out of them.	If not spread thin using those cards.  Drain, and retrieve.

vs Ops (start Battle Plan)
Yea 1 ship and TPIFF, not a very good idea.  You could add more ships I guess, but if you are a pretty good player you could track around the TPIFF if they cancel it and use Hiding in the Garbage to get it back out.  Use Order to Engage to make them regret deploying to space.  They have drains of 1 and 0 (with PoaS) and you're draining for 5 with the flipped objective, and you are retrieving.  You win.

vs ISB (start Battle Plan)
This is possibly this decks hardest match up.  Retrieve and spread thin, if you play smart you'll probably win though.  Use PoaS to reduce their drains.

vs anything else
Use your brain.  I wouldn't have submitted the deck if I felt the deck didn't have a chance against every deck out there now.

vs Rops
duh let me think, drain on Cloud City and retrieve?  Hold your Kashyyyk, wait till he deploys his, then drop yours.  PoaS on their Ralltiir locations.	If you see Vader come, usually I move out of the way the first time, the second time I battle and move all of my dudes over and cause massive force loss.  Somebody goes to the Bacta Tank.  Vader goes down with 10 more cards.  Drain more. 