---
layout: archive
author: ! Enrique "Max of Tat" Huerta
title: ! "Max of Tat s Rumors v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-13
description: ! "Endor Operations to get Ominous Rumors going. Flipping the objective is only a secondary concern."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations (8)
Endor
   Endor Bunker
   Endor Landing Platform
   Endor Forest Clearing
Kiffex
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Hoth

Characters (11)
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
U-3PO

Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2
DS-62-3
Office Evax

Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Irol

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Starships/Vehicles (9)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught (x3)

Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6

Interrupts (18)
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Boring Conversation Anyway
Ghhhk
Imperial Barrier
It’s Worse
Main Course
Masterful Move
Monnok
Point Man
Projective Telepathy
Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Torture (x2)
Trample (x2)
Twi’lek Advisor (x2)

Effects (13)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Establish Secret Base
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Ominous Rumors
Oppressive Enforcement (Usual Starting Effect)
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
There’ll Be Hell To Pay (x2)
'

Strategy: '


Destinies
0 10  (4 are starting cards)
1  7
2  6
3 13
4 12
5  8	(1 is my Starting Interrupt)
6  4

Avg. 3.0

First off, the main focus of this deck is to drain in space.  Put the third Endor site and Establish Secret Base just as a side strategy if my opponent isn't going to stop me. It's nice to not have to worry about then cancelling my little drains on Endor. =)

Against...
Operatives - I start with Battle Order, and drain them in space as fast as I can. I'll use DV,DLOTS, MJ, and AT-ST strike teams to slow them down.

Profit - I don't start with anybody in the Audience Chamber, and set up my drains in space. As soon as I can, I will bring the strike teams to battle their mains to get rid of that annoying direct damage. =)

TRM- I'll start Imperial Decree, and try to invade Yavin IV as quickly as possible. Continue with my drains in space, but don't leave anyone alone in the Bunker.

Hidden Base - This is probably my toughest challenge. Basically, I try to drain and pick my battle when I can. If possible, I'll flip my objective to allow my ground troops to drain away.

Everything else - Drain in space, and use my strike teams and counters to slow them down.

Any suggestions and helpful advice is greatly appreciated.'