---
layout: archive
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "throne room m&t w/Super Falcon"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-02
description: ! "This deck is a fairly standard non-revo throne room deck, but i can go into space with super falcon if needed."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(4)
Throne room
Careful planning
farm
swamp

other locations (6)
yavin 4 war room
hoth war room
chirpas hut
obis hut
yodas hut
rendezvous point

characters (17)
Obiwan w/saber x 2
Luke w/saber x 2
Leia w/rifle x 2
Han w/blaster
Captain Han
Chewie w/blaster
Chewbacca
Lando w/blaster
Orrimarrko
Twass khaa
boshek
melas
oola x 2

creatures (2)
nudj x 2

ships (5)
falcon x 2
spiral
redemption
tantive 4

interrupts (20)
glancing blow
courage of skywalker
dont get @#$%y
life debt
protector
rug hug
i know
skywalkers
signal
endor celebration
quite a mercenary
nabrun x 3
sense x 2
alter x 2
transmission terminated x 2

effects (6)
hiding in garbage
order to engage
traffic control
descent into dark
bacta tank
battle plan



'

Strategy: '

Ok i've been messing w/ this for a few weeks, its been tweaked some and so far has beat huntdown (no duel), cct/duel, tat occupation, and rops.(the strategy is long just 2 warn ya)

basic throneroom start, get nudjs out first few turns and take the activation advantage.

then you battle on ground or in air. use epps+ destiny adders to hurt the opponent.

matchups
huntdown w/duel- tough game, use your aliens and support guys to fight while you get your duel protection, then you deploy luke or obiwan. dont put super falcon out if the objective is flipped.

hutndown no duel- get out trans terminated asap, then battle where you need to. try not to lose to visage a lot, because you cant retrieve with this deck.

cct/duel/manip-give them orrimarrko. drain with your guys at audience chamber, and battle to estblish control at carbo chamber, drain thoe 2 places + battle when you need to will make you win.

isb-battle,battle,battle. if its a defensive deck try to do a lot of smal battles, as they will play ghhk in a big battle. if they are playing offensively try to win in 2 or 3 battles.

ralltiir- get out your aliens, alter bad feeling, then beatdown on ralltiir with mains + adders. sense reacts.

ties-toughest game because they retrieve soo much. try to battle often and sense all power 2 weapons. get out battle order to hurt drains.

endor-control system. if they flip ypu need to flip them back. kill there guys with guns and sticks.

ops-battle, win.

court-invade chamber early. be careful if its a flipping version. shoot there bh-ers with your guns so they cant feed rancor. if they go space, you do too.

occupation-play endor celebration OR establish control of thier system. put guys out to battle as
needed.

other-plsy careful till you see thier strategy.

notes
oola is to slow decks like huntdown and court.
hiding in garbage does about the same thing as tunnel vision.
my sac package is small, but enough to slow heavy sac decks and enough to hurt decks with no sac.
descent into dark- don't you hate when you finally get all your mains out, but have no reserve deck to draw destinys from? well use this to keep an endless reserve deck.
falcon x 2? use this plus cpt han plus leia in space (also if its all space like ties or something you put all your mains on ships, keep sending someoine like obi to bacta tank.)
no revo??-you dont need em.

any questions or comments ask me
thanks for reading
-swccguy
'