---
layout: archive
author: ! Brandon "Tantive XXX" Knapp
title: ! "Next Generation Endor Ops v1 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-19
description: ! "An Ominous Rumors Manipulator"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Endor Manip v2.0.deck - Fri Aug 18 141011 2000


Unknown Type

Death Star
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Executor Docking Bay
Hoth
Rendili
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Characters (19)
Admiral Ozzel
Bane Malar
Brangus Glee
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Ephant Mon (Only goes to the Executor Docking Bay with M'iiyoom)
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Cabbel
M'iiyoom Onith x5
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Sim Aloo

Starships (8)
Avenger
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Devastator
Dominator
Executor
Vengeance
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (18)
Alter x3
It’s Worse
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x4
Operational As Planned x2
Prepared Defenses
Sense x3
Set For Stun x2

Effects (6)
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Ominous Rumors
Oppressive Enforcement
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2

Unknown Type
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
'

Strategy: '

***UPDATE***

Out- DS-61-4 / In- Captain Godhert




Starting (8)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement

1st Turn- Get out Rendili before Activating.  Activate and then get out the Executor DB and Ominous Rumors.  If you have a M'iiyoom in hand (which you normally do) deploy her to the Executor DB.  If not deploy some other scrub there.

Against Popular Deck Types-

Profit- Start Mara and M'iiyoom.  If you get an Operational As Planned use it and then scan their hand with M'iiyoom.  If not, deploy some scrubs to help out Mara and get out the Executor DB.  On your next turn get out the Tat DB and move M'iiyoom to the Executor DB and she should be safe.  This is usually an easy win because M'iiyoom scans away almost all their characters.  If they do happen to flip, use Set For Stun on Han and then M'iiyoom him away to the lost pile.	If they use Shocking Information, Sense and Grab it if Scrambled Transmission isn't on the table.  If it is, grab it, loose M'iiyoom + 4 and then deploy her again.  Then all you have to do is drain in space and keep M'iiyoom their characters away.

EBO- I've played this against 2 EBO decks so far and they've never been able to deploy EBO because I kept M'iiyoom their characters away.  All you have to do is set up some drains in space and keep M'iiyoom them and they'll never be able to deploy EBO.

HB- This is a tough match sometimes.  The only HB decks that I*ve seen in Tournaments are X-wing Swarm and a few Squadron Assignments decks.  If you play an X-wing Swarm it should be pretty easy.  It*s funny when they loose 1 force to get 3 X-wings and then I lost-Monnok them for about 4-5 X-wings so in the end they loose about 6 cards.  I also have SAC for S-foils, Rebel Fleet, used-Organized Attacks, etc.  If it*s a Squadron Assignments deck try to M'iiyoom as many pilots away as possible and if they do get a few pilots out Set For Stun and M'iiyoom them away.

TIGIH- Capture Luke so you can set up Rumors and try to get him to Vader ASAP.	All you have to do is set up some drains in space and M'iiyoom there characters away.	If they*re playing Eloms, try to Monnok them away.



'