---
author: Roland "I_Vader" Sakowski
title: Maelstrom?  What The Hell?
side: Light
date: 2000-04-20
description: Ahhhh I LOVE THIS DECK!

Enter Maelstrom the way he was meant to be played!
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:(3) [No matter what]
Tatooine: Lars' Mouisture Farm
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Careful Planning

Locations:(2)
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine: Cantina

Characters:(26)
8x Elom
2x Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
2x Luke With Lightsaber
2x Han With Lightsaber
2x Boushh
2x Beru Lars
2x Owen Lars
2x Threepio
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Baragwin
8D8
Artoo (Foil, yes i love those shiny things)

Vehicles:(3)
3x Luke's X-34 Landspeeder

Starships:(2)
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Weapons:(1)
Anikan's Lightsaber (Foil, mmmm' shiny)

Effects:(6)
2x Descent Into Dark
Yarna d'al Gargan
Bargaining Table
Traffic Control

Interrupts:(18)
5x Spaceport Speeders
4x Harvest
3x How Did We Get Into This Mess
2x Old Ben
Nabrun Leids
We're Doomed
Nar Shaada Wind Chimes
Suprise Assault 

Strategy: 

Ewwwwwwww..... One of the only decks i have ever made that is hard to play. A good player with this beast can do very well in any tournament because of the suprise, and the shear force (pun intended) this deck has. The return of the 6 minute turn: This deck is horrible (for the opponent) once setup it does whatever it likes and lays the beats on whoever is stupid enough to show their head on the table. Plus it has an ok source of retrieval!

----Strategy:----
Basically take the first few turns to setup. Eat his drains for a whiile until you have a droid, the Lars and a bunch of eloms at the mouisture farm. Sell some speeders, and maybe a droid or two getting enough force so you can draw quite a bit. Then procede to get Baragwin down along with Descent. Now you run the game. Do what you want. You have enough force to deploy what you like and you can cycle through you deck once or twice every turn. I think my record with this deck was 8 How Did We Get Into This Mess?es on one turn... :)

The deck like i said is hard to play, just be creative. Protect the farm at all costs and leave the other sites. Use mos eisley to sell stuff and get lots of force to lay some beatdowns...

----Rational:----
Why I Use Harvest:
Retrieval, i really don't care if they get tagged as they are used only to get back important cards like Baragwin, the Speeders, Droids, and Descent.

Why I Love This Deck:
It has a strange way of raping the ill-prepared.  :)
Hows cycling through your deck every turn and having enough force to deploy as you wish?

Why Dueling doesn't really matter to me:
If i see a Hunt Down that duels i will just always be sure to not deply my Obis or Lukes unless for a beatdown, and if i do beatdown with them i won't against Vader or Mara, and i'll lose them to attrition.

Why i use Boushh:
I have a crush on him :)
Spy is essential against HD, and sometimes against ROps.

Why I Kick Ass:
Because I made this Beast :)
I am sure in a real good players hands with a few modifications it could be amazing...

Thanx for reading... If you have any questions LMK me!

later,
Roland
