---
layout: archive
author: ! Keith "Krycek1" Cervantes
title: ! "ISB Is Back For Good"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-27
description: ! "This is a cool new Isb operations deck I just wanted to share."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
ISB Operations / Empire’s Sinister Agents

Locations (8)
Cruscant (Starting)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Lar’s Moisture Farm
Tatooine Tusken Canyon

Characters (23)
5D6-RA-7
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Jabba x2
Outer Rim Scout x10
Probe Droid x7

Starships (5)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Dengar in Punishing ne
Vader’s Personnal Shuttle

Interrupts (8)
Abyssin Ornament x2
Prepared Defenses (Starting)
Probe Telementry
Trample x3
Twi’lek Advisor

Vehicles (6)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5

Effects (8)
Den Of Thieves
Forced Servitude x2
Tatooine Occupation
There Is No Try (Starting)
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Well Guarded x2
You Cannot Hide Forever (Starting)
'

Strategy: '

Sorry, there’s 9 effects and not 8.
There’s also a Zuckuss in Mist Hunter missing.

-Responce to review-
So far I have seen one thing i would like to change, Coruscant to Coruscant Imperial Square. That’ll eliminate the tala 2 and Blount situation. Thanks for that you guys. I also wanted to tell everyone that i have no way of getting sites from my reserve deck, but i have so many ways of making them flow together there’s no reason for me to. If worse comes to worse I can just play on my opponents sites. I always build decks that never rely on what my opponent is playing but for ISB you really have to. I’ve done what I think is my best to put together a strong shutdown stlye of a deck, and I think it’s pretty fine.

This decks real simple. First, you want to establish control on Tatooine with Tempest scouts (piolited by outer rim scouts) so you can get quick large drains off. If the anti-Isb cards come to tattooine you can just battle and trample them to death. One of the good things about this deck is that use can really control the sites you need to with no problems. You have Den of thieves to control some of the force drains off Tatooine and Forced Servitude for taking large damage. Forced Servitude is a fixed card so if you have never heared of it before here’s it’s game text.

*Forced Servitude
Deploy on opponent’s location. Whenever you lose a droid from hand or life force, it satisfys force loss up to it’s forfeit value. Once per turn, you may play Code Cylinder to cancel a force drain where you have a droid. Effect canceled if opponent controls this location.

This card is great for ISB because if your oppenent drains you for 5 ( or something like that) you can just use that effect and lose one Probe droid (then Retrieve it back with the objective next turn. Most people think the Probe Droids suck but I have them in here for many reasons. First, I use them for the Forced Servitude game text. Second, I use them because there ISB agents and have high forfrit value. Finally I use them because there cool to use with Probe Telemetry (which lets you deploy your stuff -1 at related sites where your Probe Droid is). Oh and probe droids kick @$$ when your playing HBX. Come on, you get a force back for every probe, it’s awlsome

Ok, there’s a lot of doubles in this deck but you deploy them so fast I don’t think grimtash will hurt you to bad, but if you still feel you must have protection there’s 2 blockers.

Well... I was going to explain everything but I’m short on time so I’ll finish later. Most of the cards in this deck you can probably figure out for your self anyway.
'