---
layout: archive
author: ! Hartman "Moff Hart" Andersen
title: ! "Must Liberate Endor Operatives"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-05
description: ! "Activation and Domination"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Local Uprising/Liberation
Endor
Farm
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves you Well

Locations(6)
Swamp
Endor Landing Platform
Tatooine Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Kessel

Characters(18)
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Ben Kenobi
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke With Lightsaber
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Boushh
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca of Kashyyk
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
General Calrissian
Nien Numb
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Tycho Celchu

Creatures(2)
Nudj x2

Starships(7)
Gold Squadron 1
Millenium Falcon
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Green Squadron 3
Home One
Spiral

Weapons(3)
Luke's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Chewbacca's Bowcaster

Admiral's Order(1)
I'll Take the Leader

Effects(10)
Staging Areas
Squadron Assignments
Honor of the Jedi
Battle Plan
Scramble
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank
Mechanical Failure
Projection of a Skywalker x2

Interrupts(6)
Fallen Portal x2
The Signal x2
Smoke Screen
Frozen Assets'

Strategy: '

Activate fast and deploy like mad.  Your space power is surprising to opponent.  Has anti-cards for most deck types.

Starting Endor and Farm and Uprising Objective.  Use Objective to pull out Swamp and then Nudj first turn.  Strike Planning doesn't let them generate force on Endor system unless they start with Endor Operations.	Use it to pull out General Calrissian too for some Falcon action.  Use Insurrection to pull out docking bays forever.  Use Your Insight Serves you Well to pull out next DSII or Endor effect.	Against Hunt Down or Bring Him Before Me, pull Honor of the Jedi.  If you suspect space, pull Squadron Assignments.  Pull Staging Areas if opponent isn't giving you any force with his locations so you can then activate more at docking bays.

With Staging Areas, you can pull out the best cards to complete your space combos General Calrissian and Nien Numb on Gold 1.	Wedge on Red Squadron 1, along with Hobbie on Red Squadron 4.  Wedge and Hobbie can cancel opponents battle destiny.  Or put Captain Solo on Falcon and Leia for extra destinies.  Most of these combos deploy extra cheap on Endor.  Staging Areas is awesome.  I'll Take the Leader only adds to your space by giving more immunity to attrition and also letting you force drain +1 at Endor Landing Platform.

The other characters are tough on ground.  I just love Chewie's (lightsaber) bowcaster.  Everything else is very self-explanatory.  Use Fallen Portals on Docking Bays.  Scramble serves you pilots for breakfast and can lay waste if they have enough of them running around on the ground when you deploy it.

Go where they go and you should be able to deploy in force.  Ben Kenobi can deploy on Tatooine DB and move to where you want him.  You'll then get extra saving power of your characters.  What else?	Tell me what you think.....'