---
layout: archive
author: ! Olivier "Bel Iblis" De Ridder
title: ! "Court Of The Vile Gansters"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-20
description: ! " Bounty Hunters crawling all over the place ; The streets are filled with Hutt slime…You don’t find  decent people anymore , only  scum and villany employed by the Hutts or whoever needs their services …This is my deck , made i"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
------------
Court Of The Vile Gangsters / I Shall Enjoy Wathing You Die

Locations (10 )
------------
Endor
Kiffex
Executor  Docking Bay
Executor  Medetation Chamber
Corusant  DB.
Death Star
JP  Dungeon
JP  Audience Chamber
JP  Rancor Pit
Tat  Great Pit Of Carcoon

Effects (14 )
---------
Imperial Decree
All Wrapped Up
First Strike
Lateral Damage 2
Security Precautions
Death Mark
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Broken Concentration
Hutt Bounty
Reactor Terminal
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Scum And Villany

Characters (19)
-------------
4-lom With C. Rifle
Danz Borin
Kithaba
Bane Malar
Beelo
Boba Fett With Bl. Rifle
Bangus Glee
Mara Jade
Bossk With M. Gun
Jabba The Hutt
Outer Rim Scout
Jodo Kast
Dr. Evazan
Djas Phur
Tonika Sisters
Chall Bekan
Murtocc Yine
Ree Eyes
Niado Duegad


Starships (6)
------------
Zukuss in M.Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave I
IG88 in IG 2000
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabba’s Space Cruiser

Interrupts (9)
------------
Sense 2
T’wilek Advisor
Imperial Barrier 2
Non Shall Pass
Elis Helrot
Trap Door 2

Creature (1)
--------------
Rancor
'

Strategy: '

How To Play 
-----------------
Start with t&#8217;wilek advisor.
First , pull out a docking bay from Reserce Deck. After that , get your Jabba on his Audience Chamber,
Allowing you to take full advantage of Scum and Villany + a forfeit bonus + an activate bonus &#8230;
Use your Murttoc Mine to get out your needed aliens into hand to get out cards like Mara Jade against a force-D for example.
Next , take again a docking Bay. The Non Shall pass + 2 Imperial Barriar + The force lack will prevent your opponent from coming to Audience Chamber , for the force loss . Draw and battle as you like , as long that is wise and giving you the opportunity to get your needed lost cards back into the deck &#8230;
Get out your systems or wait a little bit till your opponent gets out his.
Try to occupie Kiffex with 2 staarships , eg. Bossk In Hounds Tooth and Zuckus in Mist Hunter , so you have a Tonnika Sisters of power , ability , desteny of four that gives you the opportunity to steal or destroy they so hard needed wapons to get writ of your Bony Hunters and to play there desttiny adding interrupts.
 Once he comes in Space , he&#8217;s done for . The latteral Dammage + the opportunity to get out your favourite starships out of your deck will result in a great power difference + retriving the lost starships causing the forfeting from attrition.
If playing against a Epp swarm deck , capture them quiqley using cards as Bossk or All Wrapped Up and then escort your captive nicley bak to Audience chamber were he can enjoy the inguinity of Jabba with his Pit Trap &#8230; The caracters will be placed out of play + you win and opponent loses force eaquel to the caracters forfeit.Finaly the opponent will have no choise but to surrender against a more powerfull deck. For those players who are confronting lots of Inserts and Revolutions , put in a No Bargain and a Torture

Lets see now how  to handle other decks 

Profit Decks  Start with Jabba and Chall Beckan , and immediately allowing your aliens to deploy &#8211;2 .
Capture thos Bens and M.Luke and they&#8217;ll forme no threat to you anymore. Shuck decks also have a weakness for space , so get out your Endor and Kiffex and make the drain race count Also abuse your death mark agains Chewie or Han , when relaesed.
Reference  Renau Kint , full win , playing a I left my Han deck . Region  Tierfon Rating  1630

MWYHL  This will forme a hard chalange , but when good played with , you  can this make a piece of Cake. Start with Broken Concentration , with slows down their tests . Quikley start making him loose force so at the end , they&#8217;ll have no force to pay for Secret Plans. Pull out your Death Mark and Search and Destroy and let your opponent wish they&#8217;re never where born.
Reference  Sander Valcke , playing a standaart MWYHL Region  Tierfon Rating  1678

Hidden Base  This is the easiest deck to play against . Start with Security Precautions. The way to win against this deck is to nock his socks of in space and to make him loose hard due Search and Destroy . If their space is nocked away with your starships and you retrived your force drain on his systems. Follow the standaard procedure for the rest.
Reference  Alexander De Ridder , playing a our most deperate hour deck Region Tierfon Rating  1840

This are the commenest decktypes .
For the other decktypes , just ues the standaart procedure.

I hope this deck can give you lots of fun and help you get your tournament level up to 100%.

Thanx ,
Olivier De Ridder ( Bel Iblis ) '