---
author: Ryan "Cradossk" Mathison
title: Let's make a real Profit!!
side: Light
date: 2000-07-02
description: A profit deck, that has sets up super fast and stays on top; for the remainder of the game.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 



Starting (6)
Profit
Jabba's palace
Aud Chamber
Han Solo
The signal
Goo Nay Ta

Locations (5)
Rendezvous point
Yoda's hut
Massissi ruins
Tat: docking bay
Space port Docking bay

Interrupts (29)
Weapon levitation x2
Clash of sabers x2
Tran terminated x2
Fallen portal x2
Smoke screen
Narrow escape x2
someone who loves you x2
Sense x2
Surprise assualt
Skywalkers x2
Blaster deflection
Gift of the mentor
You will take me to jabba now
Shocking info
Captive pursuit
Double agent
Run, luke, run
Swing and a miss
Glancing blow
Don't get cocky

Characters (11)
Ben Kenobi x2
Master luke x3
Boushh x2
Chewbacca
Orrimarrko
Tamteel Skreej
Han w/blaster

Starships (1)
Falcon

Weapons (3)
Obi's saber
Anakin's saber x2

Effects (5)
Disarmed
No Disintergrations
Order to engage
Mechanical Failure
Traffic control


Strategy: 

I have played with this deck for a while and it always wins.I saw a  deck somewhat like this in Decktech; earlier in the year. The first thing you see with this deck is the minimal space support. You don't really need a whole lot of space with this deck, Really what can the dark side do in space. This deck will usually win a drain race, just because of the flip side of the objective. Secondly all the interrupts in this deck, you really are prepared for alot. The narrow escape + Order to engage combo can be deadly. I am thinking about adding some "Lost in the wilderness" I was at a tourney recently and saw how potent this card can be.

Obviously every region plays different cards, so I am not going to break this down into a vs strategy (eg: vs Ralops, vs Court).
Just try this deck for yourself, it is a very strong deck. I may make a 2.o ver with some more changes.

I'll give you an idea of this decks power. I just beat a Ralops deck last week, by 39. I flipped my objective ASAP, and started draining and letting the objective do it's thing.
He decides he can't take it anymore, and deploys Vaderw/saber&Tarkin&Mara w/saber to the Aud chamber. I have Ben w/saber & boush &Han. I play "double agent"  and take out Mara. He iniates a battle, I "run,luke,run" Master luke w/saber to the battle.
I "clash Of Sabers" Tarkin. He Swings first I play "Swing and a Miss". I then go on to play 1)skywalkers 2)Don't get cocky 3)Gift of the mentor 4)Courage of a skywalker  5)Smoke screen. -- and that was the end of that game. I won by 39, we played again - this time he was a bit smarter, and I won by 18.
My point is, this deck has the read cards to help you lay a beating; and with the force generation - You will always get the cards you need.