---
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: CA States Speed Profit Deck
side: Light
date: 2000-04-18
description: This is the 2nd installment of the first deck I had, made specially for states and all.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (6)

You Can Either Profit By This..../Or Be Destroyed
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
General Solo
The Signal
Insurrection

Locations (4)

Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Cantina x2
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber

Characters (18)

Master Luke x4
Ben Kenobi x3
Boushh x2
EPP Leia
EPP Han x2
ECC Lando
ECC Chewie
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Artoo x2

Weapons(4)

Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

Interrupts(24)

On the Edge
It's A Trap!
Sorry About The Mess
Put That Down x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Someone Who Loves You x2
Gift of the Mentor x2
The Force Is Strong With This One
Shocking Information
Transmission Terminated x2
The Signal x2
Skywalkers
Endor Celebration
I Know
Dont Forget the Droids x2
Double Agent
Strangle

Effects (5)

A Gift
Order to Engage
I Must Be Allowed to Speak
Yoda's Gimer Stick
Do or Do Not




Strategy: 

DO NOT REVIEW BEFORE READING THE STRATEGY


Well, once again, Im going to include why I use a few cards in here....

On the Edge: Need a way to get over the Responsibility of Command/Much Anger in Him combo? Ever use this card? Its also retrieval...

Shocking Info: Well, I realize theres only one, so dont bother telling me that.....its a nice card that makes SCrews pay, and is an easily recyclable 5. Besides, even if I had included the Scrambled, SCrews could still get me, since they are non-unique and this card is. Plus, they can always grab it.

Endor Celebration: Occupation rocks....it does what Profit does but slightly better in some cases......kill it without hassle.

Carbonite Chamber: Once again, decks like this who play only Tatooine is INCLINED to freeing Han. Sometimes(it will happen), you just CANT FREE HAN.....when in these cases, youll be thankful a CC site is in your deck so you can go and drain for 2 there.....read my report. This card saved my ass vs. Hak Soo Kim. Also, this is a nice place to go with Lando when flipped so that he can cause 3 a turn(2 from drains, 1 from Objective). Insurrection makes sure Elis aint goin there.

Dont Forget the Droids: Tech. Im pretty sure my and my friend were the only 2 people to play this card, everyone else got totally jacked by numbers. Even when not using it for numbers protection, it doubles as a destiny 6 card and a destiny canceler too.

Yoda's Pimp Stick: In addition to giving you dude complete immunity, like I Must Speak, it doubles as a combo with OTE, forcing even Igar and Tempest to lose 3 because they just cant battle.

General Solo: He's BOMBAD......immunity, immunity to Bubo, makes Secret Plans less of a hassle. Cancel destinies as well.


If you need it, heres the strategy again:

This deck can achieve first turn freeing of Han through Master Luke(of which there are 4 so drawing him isnt too hard). It is also possible to make Super Luke in turn one with Signal, and Gift of the Mentor. Signal for I Must Speak(immunity), and Gift for the saber, and drop them all for FREE to AC with enough left to battle, I might add. Chop, pop, and destiny to clean house.

This deck has the potential for major beatdown....the overall destiny of it is high, which in turn is why I dont include dueling protection. Destiny adders are to put the hurt on the opponents or to clean house. Granted, I dont activate much, but I wont use much force anyways...I usually wont attack alone the first few turns with lone characters unless its Luke, because HE IS THAT DAMN GOOD.

I know there is no space....fact of the matter is you wont need it. Your drains on the ground plus lightsaber bonuses and Objective damage should more than handle space decks, the only exception MAYBE Endor Ops, but this is extremely rare. Remember, you wont kill off his TIEs, so the more he retrieves, the more he'll draw to deploy, so its not too bad at all.  You DONT need to flip to win.....if Tatooine gets too hot, go to the much cooler CCity.


What to do vs.

Hunt Down: Cancel Visage and get out Do or Do Not ASAP. Kill off aliens and free Han....leave Undercover Leia or Artoo with Vader and always keep one step ahead of him. Put That Down to cancel Choke, in battle dueling. Weapon Lev sabers and to cancel You Are Beaten. Beatdown when necassary. Edge the shaft.

Raltiir: Free Han fast with minimal forces to get the Objective rolling on him. Get in as many drains as you can before he flips and starts subtracting. Battle away at Raltiir, but be careful and watch the reacts. Get the mains out and use the Objective to the fullest.....OTE also helps here, combo with the Pimp stick.

Court: Start Insurrection and kill off all the BH. They are annoying with the Objective and they will capture your mains. Free Han super fast or you may not get the chance....then if you cant, go to CC and leave someone like Boussh at Tatooine to stop his drains and Objective damage to you. Set up A Gift and go for beatdown if needed.

vs. anything else.....ISB; kill them with early flipping and Objective damage as well as OTE. Ops; OTE and Yodas Stick....flip early and use Objective to your advantage. Always use Put That Down and Weapon Lev to make battles in your favor.

This is a good deck, so rate it seriously please.

The Brahma Bull

