---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "CmdCorranH" Austin
title: ! "The Home One Conspiracy"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-27
description: ! "OMDH deck with beats and nice retrieval. The idea of using Home One for OMDH made by Twigg."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (5)
Hidden Base/SWSTYF
Kashyyyk (Hidden Base)
R.Point
Insurrection
Staging Area

Characters (14)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Master Luke
Ben Kenobi x3
Captain Han Solo x2
Leia W/Gun
Boushh
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaako
Melas
Lando W/Axe

Ships (5)
Home One
M.Falcon x2
Spiral
Tantive 4

Locations (5)
Home One Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Corulag
Alderaan

Interrupts (20)
Sense x5
Alter x2
Control x2
Fallen Portal x2
The Bith Shuffle
Courage of a Skywalker
Tunnel Vision x3
Sorry About the Mess
Clash of Sabers
Punch It
Nabren Leids (To move your mains if needed-Also NASTY against MKOS & Court)


Effects (8)
Our Most Desperate Hour x3
Order to Engage
Bacta Tank
WAYTTPOU?
Mantellian Savip
Traffic Control

Weapons (3)
Obi&#8217;s Saber
Luke&#8217;s LS
Anakin&#8217;s LS
'

Strategy: '

________________________________________________
TAKE OUT The Signal for Heading for the Medhicle Frigate (forgot it)

TAKE OUT 1 control for Racing Skiff (use this to take your
rebel from tat DB to Home One DB and then move the rebel up to Home One. The rebel must be on the bridge to reach OMDH not just the Docking Bay. If you lose the skiff then it’s no big deal. Just use 2 turns to do OMDH).

TAKE OUT 2nd Control for Wise Advice (start)
________________________________________________


This is the OMDH deck that I am using now and I really like it. Yes if it does look like Twigg*s a little that is because I got the idea of using Home One from him. But using Home One is about the only thing that I copied from him since my deck plays very different then his (besides OMDH). I also have many different cards so please don*t give me bad ratings because you say I copied the deck. 

I really build this deck around beating COURT and MKOS since these decks are getting very popular where I am. I really want advice on how to make the deck better so please give me your opinion. If you don*t know how to use Home One to do OHDH runs I*ll explain.
What you need to do is get Tatooine DB, Home One DB, and Alderaan out on the table (easy since you can pull them all) with Home One on Alderaan. Now when you want to make an OMDH run deploy OMDH on Alderaan and target a Rebel on Tatooine DB. Then just move the Rebel over to the Home One DB and then next turn to the bridge (or you can do it on the same turn if you use the Skiff). As long as your opponent is not draining for a lot then pretty much just sit at the Tatooine DB and the Spaceport DB and drain. If they are draing a lot use the Spaceport DB (put on their planet) or Nabren to move over and stop their drains.
Either way is fine as your retrieval will get back any cards you lose.
ALWAYS get Home One fast (Tunnel, Draw, etc) and make sure not to lose it (back it up with other ships/Savip). This is a very good battling deck (the Fallen Portal*s help a LOT on DB*s) and the retrieval is an endless cycle.

VS Hunt Down – Don’t really have to worry about dueling since the destinies in this deck are high, you have a chance of sensing the duel, and you have Courage & Bith Shuffle. Visage will hurt so cancel it ASAP (move over with Nabren or use Boushh). HD decks are extinct where I play so if they are popular then add 2 TT. Not a hard game if you can stop Visage.

VS BHBM – This will be challenging as you won*t have Luke but as long as you play smart you will win. Stay at the DB*s and make some hits if they spread out to drain. Be careful and get your retrieval going. Grab their Sense and make sure to have enough SAC before a war. Wise Advice will help as well.

VS Ties – This will be the hardest matchup so make sure you are all ready for an attack before deploying Home One. Savip will help a TON and grab/sense their APTW.  If Ties are big in your area add some more ships or the Admiral*s Order that makes them power –2.  You can beat them with your retrieval as long as you hold on to Alderaan.
 VS COURT & MKOS – I made this deck because I was sick of losing to these Scum decks. The retrieval and Portals win the game for you. Sense really helps too. Almost always a win (play with it if you don*t believe me).

VS COURT & MKOS – I made this deck because I was sick of losing to these Scum decks. The retrieval and Portals win the game for you. Sense really helps too. Almost always a win (play with it if you don*t believe me).







'