---
layout: archive
author: ! Gabriel "The Diplomat" Alonso
title: ! "M&T Throne Room Start w/ Nudj (Non-Revo)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-08
description: ! "This deck can go anywhere but is primarily set up to fight on Tatooine and has a modest space package."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Swamp
Farm
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Kessel

Characters (19)
Ben Kenobi
Obi Wan with Lightsaber
Master Luke
Luke with Lightsaber
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle
Boushh
Chewbacca
Lando with Blaster Pistol
General Crix Madine
Geezum
Kal Falnl C ndros
Commander Wedge
Twass Khaa
Orrimaarko
B omarr Monk x2
Oola

Weapons (1)
Obi Wans Lightsaber

Starships (4)
Red Leader in Red 1
Tantive IV
Spiral
Millenium Falcon

Interrupts (16)
Careful Planning
Sense x4
Alter x3
Nabrun Leids x2
Smoke Screen
Glancing Blow
Shocking Information
Quite a Mercenary
Clash of Sabers
The Signal

Effects (10)
Mantellian Savrip
Goo Nee Tay
Mechanical Failure
Draw Their Fire
Lightsaber Proficiency
Scramble
Uncontrollable Fury
Order to Engage
Ultimatum
Traffic Control

Creatures (2)
Nudj x2
'

Strategy: '

This is the deck I used at the Florida Grand Slam. It went 3-0, defeating Court Musicians, Court Bounty Hunters, and Endor Operations. It is very similar to the deck Charlie Herren used to win the event undefeated and is based off of Simon Moores deck which he used to win the UK Grand Slam. It is focused on ground battles. Against a good dark side space deck or TIE swarm, this deck is disadvantaged. The tech in this deck is Geezum who is a scout and lets you go get related sites out of your reserve eliminating annoying zeros during battle destiny. It also has Crix Madine which lets you go get Geezum. Scouts also aid in the event one of your characters go missing due to Always thinking with your stomach or a He hasnt come back yet.

Heres how it matches up against other dark deck in the environment

Versus Hunt Down Hunt down comes in three flavors. One is the low character, high destiny, dueling version. Another is the balanced attack, no focus on dueling, well-rounded Hunt Down. The last is the rarely seen Hunt Down Space deck. Against most balanced Hunt down, you should do ok. Beware the focused duel deck, this deck is disadvantaged in that match up. Against the space Hunt down. Spread and drain on Tatooine, it will be a race. Use the Falcon to harass his fleet, beware LATERAL DAMAGE

Versus Raltiir Operations This deck is disadvantaged against Raltiir Ops. You need to deploy quickly to Raltiir if you can and beat down your opponents forces to prevent the flip or to flip it back. The Throne room start hopefully gives you some force to get around Bad Feeling or alter it with an alien.

Versus Operatives This deck is disadvantaged against Operatives. I was not expecting operatives at the Grand Slam and did not playtest or protect against it. You would need to add some new cards to defend against this.

Versus ISB operatives This deck is advantaged against ISB. Use Boushh undercover to prevent modification of drains and the B omarr monk to enhance drains. Dont let them hold the Audience Chamber to set up Scum and Villainy. Scramble and Order to Engage backed up with Sense and Alter is the bane of ISB deck.

Versus Endor Operations This deck is advantaged against Endor ops. Endor Ops is usually Ominous Rumors space and never flips; or a combo of Ominous Rumors and Establish Secret base. The Ominous Rumors that never flip will usually try to control the Bunker with Ephont Mon quick so you cant get in there without a revolution. If you happen to draw Boushh, try and get a force of characters in there early. If not make sure to deploy carefully to the Endor Docking bay. Your opponent will have Blizzard 1 with Veers and/or Tempest 1 with Igar to make it difficult to attrition him out while he drains in space. So step 1 is to try and prevent your opponent from controlling Endor sites. Step 2 is once he gets a drain going with bonus from the bunker, get out Ultimatum and spread on him. These types of decks usually dont have many characters. Against the Establish Secret Base version, you should have enough characters to beat your opponent down on Endor.

Versus Court of the Vile Gangster Court decks come in two types right now. The Mains court deck and the Musicians. This deck is advantaged versus the Court deck with mains and/or bounty hunters. Use your mains to clear out the Audience Chamber if you can using weapons and destiny or Smoke Screen if you can. If not just dodge them on Tatooine and set up superior drains with the Monks. The new deck, Musician, could be a problem. I got lucky and was able to invade the Audience Chamber early and clear it out. Do not give your opponent time to set up or you will be in trouble. They will have all kinds of funky musicians to wreck you.

This deck is very flexible and can be tweaked to have a favorable matchup against all the decks listed. In playtesting it wins about 80 percent of the time. Solid.

Gabriel "The Diplomat" Alonso '