---
layout: archive
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! "Mad Crazy Jawas from Tatooine"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-22
description: ! "An extremely powerful Jawa deck that will defeat most popular decks these days."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 7
My Kind Of Scum/ FAI
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Tatooine Desert Heart
Prepared Defenses
Power Of The Hutt
No Bargain
Oppressive Enforcement (replaced when R2 comes out by combo)
Herat is your Rep

Locations 6
Tatooine  Tusken Canyon
Jabbas Palace	Audience Chamber
Tatooine  Jawa Canyon
Tatooine  Jawa Camp
Jabbas Sail Barge  Passenger Deck
Tatooine

Characters24
Herat x4
Wittin x2
Nebit
Mercenary Pilot
Jawa x7
Zuckuss
IG-88 w/ Gun
4-LOM w/ Gun
Dr. Evazan
Dengar w/ Gun
Jabba
Mighty Jabba
Bib Fortuna
Galid

Interrupts 7
Utinni x3
Abyssian Ornament
Twilek Advisor x2
Wounded Wookie

Effects 10
Den Of Theves
Jawa Pack x3
Scum And Villiany x2
Reactor Terminal
Sandwhirl x2
Hutt Influence

Vehicles 3
Jabbas Sail Barge
Wittins Sandcrawler
Racing Skiff

Starships 2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Weapons 1
Dark Jedi Lightsaber  '

Strategy: '

These are some crazy Jawas with some crazy tech.  Herat + Utinni = Awesome.  Kills control, and it also kills any drains your opponent may get on Tatooine.  Its also helpful against HB decks that rely on retrieval with Kessel Run- Just use a Jawa and Dr. E on either starship, steal the utinni effect, and complete it yourself.  Specific cards
No Bargain  Boosts Jawas forfiets early, raises deployment costs, and cancels revolution.
Power Of The Hutt  Gets out Bib and Jabbas Sail Barge.  Very useful.
Oppressive Enforcement  Sense and Alter are extremely annoying.
Herat	Pulls Jawas and Utinnis, and makes Utinnis powerhouses.  Also ability 3, so harder to kill.
Wittin  Gives Jawas +2 power and makes Jawa Pack awesome
Nebit	Adds a destiny and reduces attrition, what can I say?
Mercenary Pilot  Put him aboard any vehicle in this deck and get an extra battle destiny.
Jawas	Use up my opponents force pile if I want them to.
Zuckuss/ Iggy/ 4-LOM  3 destinies, a capture, and a canceled game text.
Dr. E	Can kessel run and makes Dengar more effective.
Dengar w/ Gun	Kill 2 people per battle.
Jabba	Free Jawas, immunity to S+V.
Mighty Jabba  Adds battle destiny w/ Bib, Nebit, and Wittin, hard to kill.
Bib  For Flip side of Objective.
Galid	Gives your drains a boost.
Utinni  Kills Tatooine drains, Controls that hurt Sandwhirls, and Utinni Effects.
Abyssian Ornament  Pull Jawas, retrieve a max of 8.
Twilek  Pull your mad crazy effects.
Wounded Wookie  Cancel your opponents game text, clash of sabers, destinies, etc.
Den Of Thieves  More drain-cancelling power.
Jawa Pack  When used w/ Wittin, each adds 2 to the forfiet of your Jawas.
S+V  Free Jawas and retrieval.
Reactor Terminal  Put unused cards back.
Sandwhirl  Okay, this is TECH  I start it at Jabbas Palace and move it away from there.  Once it reachs the other end, it comes back.  It gives me relatively unopposed drains for the most part.
Hutt Influence  Makes your drains unmodifiable, can be pulled by POTHutt, and lowers attrition.
Sail Barge  I can pull it from the beginning to get 2 activation from the passenger deck, and it also gets me through the heart of the desert.
Sandcrawler  Adds immunity to your Jawas.
Racing Skiff  Can react as a suprise.	Especially suprising when reacting with a Jawa-uses an opponents force.
Bossk in Bus  Gets a destiny, good for invading planets.
BFiS1	Has immunity and pretty good power.
Lightsaber  The only thing more fearsome than a Jawa deck is a Jawa deck with a lightsaber.  Use it to boost your unopposed drains, and maybe even hit someone with it )

On to general strategies
EBO  Watch out when you deploy Tatooine, they get a drain of 4 when EBO is out.  Load up the Bus and invade Hoth, early if you can, when you get set up if you cant.  Drain to your full extent on Tatooine.  Tough matchup because the decks are so different.

HB  Another tough matchup.  Just try to probe their base and put their objective out of play.	Screw most of their retrieval with Utinni.  Try to out-drain them.

RTP  Send out your crew with Zuckuss, 4-LOM, and Iggy.  Capture with Iggy if you can, or wipe her out with your high destiny.	Sandstorms should help defend against any invasions.

MWYHL	You should be able to load up the Bus and invade Dagobah.  Dont forget you can put the Sail Barge on the Bus.  Drain them, as well.

Profit  You should rule over this deck between the Sandwhirls and the battling capabilities.  No problem.

Agents In The Court  Ah, your counterpart.  Sandwhirls and no elom power bonus should give you the edge here.	You should be able to out-battle them easily.

TIGIH	One of the good things about this deck is no Imperials.  That means no Elom power bonus, and no capturing Luke.  99% of TIGIH decks only run 1 Luke, so that means you can kill him and their deck is dead.  No worries here.

RST  Kill Madine ASAP.  You should be able to out-drain them on Tatooine, and your Jawa engine rocks more than their scout engine.  Not too big a problem.

Well, thats it.  Dont forget you can retrieve Jawas when you flip, and Herat lets you pull all Jawas, not just the non-unique ones.  Be constructive in your reviews.  Thanx
---Carson '