---
layout: archive
author: ! Drew "JediDrew" Liu
title: ! "Classic Hoth Clouds"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-14
description: ! "HDWGITM to boost Hoth Clouds."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Unknown Type
     3 Clouds
       Hoth
       Hoth Defensive Perimeter
       Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
       Hoth Main Power Generators
       Hoth North Ridge
       Hoth Snow Trench
       Kessel

Characters (19)
       8D8
       BoShek
       Captain Han Solo
       Chewie With Blaster Rifle
       H'nemthe
       Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
       Harc Seff
     2 Leia With Blaster Rifle
       Luke Skywalker
       Melas
       Obi-Wan Kenobi
       Orrimaarko
       R-3PO (Ar-Threepio)
       R2-X2 (Artoo-Extoo)
       R5-M2 (Arfive-Emmtoo)
       Tawss Khaa
       Wedge Antilles
       Yoxgit

Starships (13)
       Gold Leader In Gold 1
     3 Gold Squadron Y-wing
       Lando In Millennium Falcon
       Millennium Falcon
       Red Leader In Red 1
     3 Red Squadron X-wing
       Redemption
       Spiral
       Tantive IV

Effects (8)
       Bacta Tank
       Battle Plan
       Descent Into The Dark
       Docking And Repair Facilities
       Haven
       Mechanical Failure
       Traffic Control
       What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?

Interrupts (7)
       Careful Planning
     5 How Did We Get Into This Mess?
       The Signal

Weapons (2)
       Anakin's Lightsaber
       Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Devices (1)
       Landing Claw
'

Strategy: '

First Thing's First  AFter reading some reviews, it seems people seem to forget that the clouds, Hoth System and North Ridge are battlegrounds and thus make the Come Here You Big Coward Nuisance obsolete

Starting is Hoth/War Room/Careful Planning.
The object is to use HDWGITM to quickly establish clouds while draining under the shield.  It's basically old school and EJP causes it some more trouble now.	Before, the DS really had nothing to defend clouds.  Mains can play some havoc on other ground decks while a fast clouds setup should outdrain space alternatives.  Landing Claw/Battle Plan may give you some extra speed advantage as well if the opponent can't hold a ground site.  '