---
author: Karl "Faust" Schultz
title: MWYHL/Death Star Plans
side: Light
date: 2000-03-02
description: This deck retreives force with Death Star Plans.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(4)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
Dagobah
The Signal
Insurrection

Locations(14)
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Death Star: Trash Compactor x3
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Bay
Dejarik Hologameboard

Characters(15)
Artoo x3
8D8 x3
R2-x2 x3
Bothan Spy
Luke With Lightsaber
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Leia With Lightsaber

Vehicles(4)
Lift Tube x4

Devices(2)
Electrobinoculars x2

Effects(15)
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Undercover x2
Death Star Plans x4
Traffic Control
Anger, Fear, Agression x3
Never Tell Me The Odds x3

Interrupts(9)
Nabrun Leids x2
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated
Recoil In Fear x3










Strategy: 

PLEASE READ ALL OF THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING:

Ok.  By starting with MWYHL, you get instant Sense and Alter protection.  Then, with Insurrection, you can pull the two docking bays from your reserve deck.  The Dagobah sites, are good activation.  Try to get some of the droids out, and start running inserts ASAP.  Play Death Star Plans, as many times as possible.  The Enhanced Characters are for quick beatdowns.	You can always retreive them later. Use the Hologameboard, and the two Projections for a loss of 2, every turn.  The Recoil In Fears, are for making sure the Inserts come up.	Well, good luck.

By the way.  I was thinking about adding a couple Don't Forget The Droids (the Lost part, your crackheads).  Does anyone think I should?  