---
layout: archive
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "ebo-like rops there all the same"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-26
description: ! "yeah its close to most of em, but i dont care cause its an awesome deck that wins alot"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'start-4
main power generators
north ridge
the signal
a new secret base

locations-7
echo docking bay
echo corridor
echo command center
hoth
chandrila
kashyyyk
kiffex

characters-20
general carlist rieekan
jeron webb
elyhek rue-drain +1 at ralltiir
hol okand-drain +1 at kashyyyk
biggs darklighter
dutch
derek 'hobbie' klivian
zev senesca
commander wedge antilles
chewbacca-ahh a wb chewy, gotta love it
boshek
melas
captain han solo x 2
leia with blaster rifle x 2
lando with blaster pistol
tawss khaa
luke with lightsaber
obiwan with lightsaber

starships-10
millennium falcon x 2-foil...shiny
redemption
corellian corvette x 4
spiral
tantive IV
mon calamari star cruiser-awesome card

interrupts-9
the signal x 3
transmission terminated x 4
i know x 2

effects-10
echo base operations
echo base garrison
haven
bacta tank
ice storm
do, or do not
uncontrollable fury
projection of a skywalker x 2
insurrection


'

Strategy: '

umm-hmm. i gotta convice everyone why this deck is good. ok here goes
it can drain for 13+ a turn
max activation of 15 (17 w/chandrila) and you pull all it from the reserve deck
big mean ships that drop for dirt with ebo/haven
insurrection and a bunch of forfiet 6 pilots rule
mega falcon. 'nuff said.
and you can set up ebo 3rd turn, almost every game


umm some reviewers dont understand that i prefer dutch + insurrection over gold leader in gold 1, higher forfiet is always good.
ice storm, as well as do or do not are good cards to have in the deck. i know i dont have enough mains to battle all over on ground, but i DO have enough to battle away dark characters from one site to prevent decree.
****updateswitch an i know for ultimatium**********
ok start markers 1,4,signal,ansb.
turn 1-get a site,ebg and a guy.
turn 2-get a site,ebo and a guy.
turn 3-get a site,a guy, set up ebo.
*****another updatetake out tawss and lando, annd another epp obi/luke.*********
then keep your guys on ground if they come to hoth, else use the db to shuttle them up to space.
take out chandrila and put in traffic control if you want to
4 trans terminated cause i hate hdadtj and visage.

4 signals cause my effects are important.

vs hadatj-terminate visage. battle/drain in space.
do not put leia on falcon. put mels or boshek on it, then when they battle play i know, get her into the battle, then forfiet her. play smart and you should win.

vs rops-ok if they use resistance or decree it will be tough. you can deal w/resistance, but decree may be a problem. use your mains (and if you really need to leia/han/i know) on the ground.
its ok for them to control 1 hoth site, so you only need to battle them off of 1 site, not 2.
also if they spread out on hoth, that means they are thin on ralltiir, so smack them there.

dark deal objective-ok drain race, thats why i added a 4th system.

haven rules, itguarntees you will hold hoth system

the mon cal is in there for fun. since it deploys to hoth i though i may as well use it (that, and the fact i dont have enough vettes.,.. hehe)

i think i'll post a version 1.1 of this. its gotten lots of good feedback, and i've made many changes to it.


umm questions, or comments, or suggestions, ask BEFORE you review the deck. dont give it 1 star and say something, then mail me and say "oh, i didnt see that card" or something.

thanks

-swccguy
'