---
layout: archive
author: ! Arian "NorthernWolf" Delisle
title: ! "Throne Room Space"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-12
description: ! "This is a new version of the deck that helped me take second place in the BC provincial."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (11)
Coruscant
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Kessel
Kiffex
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters(14)
BoShek
Chewie With Blaster Rifle  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Lando With Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Melas
Tawss Khaa

Creatures(2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (10)
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV
X-wing	x7

Interrupts(13)
All Wings Report In  x2
Careful Planning
Organized Attack  x2
Run Luke, Run	x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction  x2
The Signal  x2
Tunnel Vision  x2

Effects(7)
Aim High
Battle Plan
Do, Or Do Not
Incom Corporation
Rebel Fleet
Revolution
S-Foils

Weapons(2)
X-wing Laser Cannon  x2
'

Strategy: '

WELL IM AN IDIOT... Posted this deck to the dark decks by accident... OOPS...  )



This deck was the second place light deck in the BC provincials and went
3-0 in tourny play.

Ok first off please dont tell me that 6 x-wings are not enough. They are more than enough. With the 2 all wings and the 2 organized attacks you should be able to get all your x-wings very fast and you only really need 2 to hold a system especially with the capital ships as backup.

Ok that said this is a yavin 4 space deck. The idea is to hold the ground with your epp mains while draining for lots in space. Slight Weapons Maulfunction works with the EPP guns as well as with the X-wing Cannons. Even with raltir flipped you can have a few good drains going forcing them to come to you. Now ideally you should bait your opponent to come to you by placing a ship and pilot alone in space so that they come after you with a bounty hunter or two then on your turn activate sfoils, throw down all you x-wings and blast him into scrub land ).. ok ok so it doent always work out like that but i have had power 46 at one space location before... hehehe... seriously though the
x-wings can hold space and with rebel fleet on the table they at least become 6 controls.

For my ground force i went with the epps with guns and 3 x luke with saber. With Aim High out you should always be getting the bonus from aim high as well as making your opponent pay for force retrival (youd be surprised how much this hurts dark side now. the characters are rounded out by a bunch of ability 4 aliens and a few spys. Fig is in there for force retrival and tracking. no obi? Yeah thats right no obi. I felt that he was a liability against hunt down so i just increased the amount of lukes in the deck to compensate for his absence. Luke is safe from hunt down with the use of run luke run which can also double for a luke that can help spread out on the ground. Slight weapons is a great card in this deck and can be used for any epps w guns as well as with your x-wing cannons.

Against Hunt Down
Deploy luke to make visage hurt him as well and when you get a spy go cancel it. If vader wants to duel then run luke run away. Then drain for a lot at either kessel, kiffex, or coruscant (beware of the alien beatdown here)

Against Raltir
Use your ability 4 aliens to control their ground sites and then stick luke in the middle of em and run luke run to help out your aliens. Control the system with your x-wings and they should never be able to flip. Key against this deck is a fast start. Tunnel vision is key here.

Against space deck
Use your battle grounds (yes you have them swamp and farm DO NOT deploy nudj's)for a nice drain with you epps and then battle plan em to death. If he spreads out send in the x-wing swarm with a few cannons)

'