---
author: Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title:  Just a solid EBO
side: Light
date: 2000-08-30
description: Big space drains with ground distraction
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:(4)
Hoth:North Ridge
Hoth:Main Power Generators
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations:(7)
Hoth:Echo Command Center
Hoth:Echo Corridor
Hoth:Echo Docking Bay
Hoth:Echo Med Lab
Kiffex
Tatooine
Bespin

Characters:(14)
EPP Lukex2
EPP Leiax2
EPP Hanx2
EPP Obix2
Bothan Spy
Jeroen Webb
Momaw Nadon
Comm. Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian

Starships:(12)
X-Wingx12

Effects:(10)
Echo Base Operations
Echo Base Garrison
Undercoverx2
WAYTTPOU
Incom Corp.
Traffic Control
Wise Advice
Rebel Fleet
Yarna' Dal' Gargan

Interrupts:(13)
Organized Attackx4
Houjixx2
Grimtaashx2
Trans. Termx2
The Signal
All Wings Report Inx2


Strategy: 

The strategy behind this deck is to get an Echo site and EBG first turn. Using the latter, get out Hobbie, Zev, and Wedge to set up EBO by your 3-4 turn. Once that's done, get set up with at least 3 X-Wings at Kiffex first, then Tatooine, then Bespin if needed. From there, distract a ground opponent with spies and EPP beats while you drain for at least 7 a turn. Against a space opponent, beat them up with OA and Incom Cor. If ties are big in your area, use Aim High instead of Wise Advice and add another grabber. Here in Seattle, Rallops and HuntDown are still pretty strong, (although Ties are getting popular) so that's why I use 2 Trans. Term, cause most HD players don't expect it anymore. Against Rallops, well, just set up faster than them and track your OA so the added destiny won't like wipe out all your X-Wings.
This is a solid deck, it makes good use of EBG so you don't have to use key characters to set up EBO, and it gets mass activation for EPP beats. Oh yeah, the system choice is based on drain potential (Kiffex) and battle advantage (Put like 4 wings at either Bespin or Tatooine, EPP Beats just got better)! So try this deck out, it's fun and good, it's, it's... just a solid EBO.