---
author: John "The Man" Spadora
title: Y-opps (the orginal)
side: Light
date: 2000-06-26
description: This deck is the orginal played with the best cards to make the best Y-opps deck.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations(8)
Ralltiir
Forest
Farm
Jungle
Swamp
Spaceport Street
Spaceport Docking Bay
Desert

Characters(12)
Ralltiir Operative x10
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber

Starships(15)
Y-Wing x10
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x3
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Red Leader In Red 1

Devices(2)
Landing Claw x2

Effects(5)
Bargaining Table
For Luck
Yarga d'al' Gargan
Koensayr Manufacturing
Rebel Fleet

Interrupts(17)
It a Trap x6
Alternatives to fighting x2
Nas Shaddaa Wind Chimes x3
All Wings Report In x3
Don't Forget the Droids x2
The Signal

Objective(1)
Local Trouble/Liberation


Strategy: 

I did forget the keyy cards take out an its a trap and 2 don't forget the driods and a landing claw and add in 4x Organized Attack.

This deck is pretty simple.

First you use the objecive on ralltiir then pull out the farm and use the signal to pull out yarna d'al' Gargan(to bo safe)or bargaining table/rebel fleet(don't use rebel fleet unless you want to give away the deck and not leave it for a suprise. I do not worry about the death star obective blowing up the planet because oe the space in the deck. Draw up the first turn and wait for the one turn flip. Deploy 3 opps to the sites and the y-wings to the system then land the ships but make sure to keep an its a trap in hand and 4 force saved(4 in case they play first strike). The cool thing is that if you have all the sites out you will probably draw a 3 for destiny.

And a bonus for using ralltiir your ships move their as a react so when you have enough ships on the ground go ahead and deploy a couple of ships in space and make sure to save force.

Be sure to use the retrival when you are dying. Dont be to happy about space battles because alternatives to figting is not immune to sense!!!

Another Thing I would Like to give props to Kris Lavinge and his brother Jeff For helping me build this deck. And to the rest of you guys representing Las Vegas(We will when regionals!)  