---
layout: archive
author: ! Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: ! "Yavin 4"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-18
description: ! "This a Yavin deck using the power of Revolution and mains for beats."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (4)

Yavin 4 Massisi Throne Room
 Farm
 Jungle
Careful Planning

Locations (4)

Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point

Characters(16)

Ben Kenobi x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan w/ Lightsaber
Master Luke
Luke w/ Lightsaber x2
Han w/ Heavy Pistol x2
Leia w/ Blaster x2
Chewie w/ Blaster
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Oola

Weapons/Device (3)

Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
Landing claw

Starships(3)

Lando in Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts(21)

Sense x5
Alter x3
Weapon Levitation
Gift of the Mentor x2
Grimtaash x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Quite A Mercenary
Transmission Terminated x2
The Signal x3

Effects(7)

Revolution x2
Battle Plan
Whatre You Trying To Push On Us? x2
Draw Thier Fire
Wise Advice

Creatures(2)

Nudj x2



'

Strategy: '

This deck basically relies on the first turn action you get from the Throne Room.....granted, there arent too many Revos but you can fetch them with Signal if you need them. THIS IS NOT A FORCE CHOKE DECK......so dont tell me throw any more Revos in the deck.

This is a battle deck, if anything else, and i does well vs. a variety of decks out there. The most imporatant thing is just to get your Nudjs onto those Y4 sites quickly or your opponent might like the drain that comes w/ it.


vs. Hunt Down Just open up a can of whoop ass on Vader all day long and use the Transmission to cancel out Visage and if you can, revolve his Executor sites early. If he's using Crush, grab his Evader.....Oola helps here too

vs. Court of Gangsters Same w/ Hunt Down, this will be the most interactive deck you face. Just take out as much guys as you can and turn his objective against him. Remember to take out his bounty hunters first if he's capturing people. Use Revo on the Great Pit so he cant feed it captives w/o getting eaten first, and on the Rancor Pit so you can kill the thing(make sure you have a weapon). DONT rev the Dungeon.....it hurts you ALOT more then it hurts him.

vs. Raltiir Ops Go for beats and take out his guys at Raltiir ASAP. As long as he doesnt flip, you have nothing to worry about. Use Lando, Red, and Gold to take on his starships w/ the Landing Claw

vs. ISB If its spread and drain, they lose. Grab Draw Thier Fire, and spread yourself(only Oola cant draw destiny or get off a gunshot). If its Scum, cancel Scum ASAP by just invading his AC. If its beatdown, go beatdown on them. This deck type has the annoying tendency to start w/ IAO and dropping guys to Yavin, so be prepared for that. Revo when you can.

vs. Ops Just grab DTF and go for a beatdown at one location. If he wants to live, he'll have to react all his walkers over. If he doesnt, then beat the hella outta them there. Revolving the Swamp cancels thier 'react', the Jungle subtracts drains and attrition, and the Forest gives your guys immunity, so use Revo wisely. Oola can help out here too.


Thats the basic deck, nothing to really watch out for just go for beats and Revolve some key sites to cut your opponents options. The decks only mjor weakness is the small space fleet, but its not bad considering you have guys to back up Gold and Lando, including the Landing Claw, so you should do fine.

Any comments and constructive critism is appreciated.

Team Rocket rocks

'