---
layout: archive
author: ! Peter "martian" Hall
title: ! "Advanced Beatdown"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-28
description: ! "TIE Interceptors rule space."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Endor
Kashyyyk (start)
Kiffex
Kuat
Sullust
Tatooine
Wakeelmui

Characters (4)
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk  x2
R2-A5 (Artoo-Ayfive)

Ships (18)
Dreadnaught x4
The Emperor's Foot
The Emperor's Butt
TIE Interceptor  x12

Interrupts (13)
All Power To Weapons  x5
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Frustration
Monnok
Prepared Defenses
Tarkin's Orders
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
Voyeur

Effects (10)
Come Here You Big Coward
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Inconsequential Losses (start)
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points (start)
Oppressive Enforcement (start)
Return To Base
Sienar Fleet Systems  x2
TBHTP

Weapons (5)
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons  x5

Admiral's Orders (3)
Battle Deployment
Fighter Cover x2
'

Strategy: '

Oops - I noticed that I forgot to include Short Range Fighters. Drop one Interceptor to make room for that.

I finally got a chance to read all the DSII cards, and I whipped this up on DeckMaker. It's pretty straigtforward.

The first priority is obviously to get SFS up and running. Search for Milwakee first turn (grab Kuat and draw if it isn't there, duh). Here's the reasoning behind the other cards in the deck

Mejjerk - get him on a Dreadnaught and he fetches systems.

Five APTW - Play them (lost) early in the game to fetch TIEs, then retrieve them for use later as power boosters.

Lateral Damage - Always good. Even better when you can retrieve it.

Three Admiral's Orders - To get rid of I'll Take the Leader.

Frustration - Good vs. Grabbers. Can also be used to target ships and make them lose the card or risk a beatdown.

Voyeur - Take out irritating interrupts. ICBW, Space Weapons crap, whatever.

Everything else should be self explanitory. Drop me a line if it isn't.


In response to reviews and differing opinions-

The only LS deck I see packing Battle Plan are mains decks which have only a token fleet to "hold off" the DS for a turn or two. Once you clear space, the LS will be paying to drain as well, so it won't be a huge setback.

I Hope She's All Right is a pain, but the retrieval makes up for it. If you can cancel one drain with DIS, and track the two drain-cancelling interrupts, then IHSA won't be too much of a problem.

A battle involving Lateral Damage is often times enough to keep the LS out of space for good, making an extra copy unnecessary. It can be retrieved and fetched with Twi'lek, too.

Pride of the Empire is nice, but it relies on the opponent coming to space. It is also pretty easy to get rid of (just kill the ship carrying it). Without TIE l/n's, it'd be better to just throw in a PotF.

No Baron? He's cool and all, but lets take a look

Baron + Ship + Combat Response = 3 cards.
  Power six (eight with APTW)
  Retrieve one force when deployed
  Extra destiny (and adds one for each interceptor)
  Only the ship goes to used pile when killed

Three Interceptors
  Power nine (fifteen with APTW)
  Retrieve three force when deployed
  Retrieve an additional three force with SRF
  Can go to used pile when killed

As you can see, in most instances, it'd be better to have three interceptors. If you have a whole fistful of interceptors, and you need to take out the Home One or something, sure, it'd be better to have the Baron, but how often is that going to happen?

How about Emporer's Power? The first thing I thought of when I saw this card was "wouldn't this be cool with TIEs" However, it really eats up the card slots, and there are plenty of other ways to lose cards for retrieval.

'