---
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: Endor
side: Dark
date: 2000-03-15
description: This is your basic Endor Ops deck, with a few modifications and a few tricks up its sleeves....
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1)

Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations(10)

Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Dense Forest
Kiffex
Nal Hutta
Kashyyyk

Characters(12)

Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Major Marquand
Commander Igar
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Seargant Barich
Liuetenant Cabbel
Liuetenant Arnet

Starships(10)

Avenger
Devastator
Vengeance
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Black Squadron TIE x2
Obsidian Squadron TIE x2

Vehicles(12)

Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scout x3

Interrupts(7)

Combat Readiness x3
Twilek Advisor x3
Trample

Effects (8)

Imperial Arrest Order
Security Precautions
Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
Resistance
Come Here You Big Coward!
Omnious Rumors
Establish Secret Base



Strategy: 

Well this is your basic Endor Ops deck.....

The beauty of this deck is that you dont need to flip in order to win....the front side of this objective doesnt restrict you in any way.....flipping just makes it that much harder for your opponent to reclain Endor. All the Endor locations and systems in here are to help you gain control of the planet quickly as well as up your activation. Here a key fact alot of you may or may not know about this deck.....its not a ground deck. Your power is up in space over 75% of the time, as all your drain bonuses go there and not to the Endor sites.

The game-winning effect in this deck is Omnious Rumors, which functions much like EBO for the LS, but is a little harder to keep going. Youll want to use your Objective to grab it on turn one to reduce the risk of losing it off the top....once you set this up, the game is pretty much in your pocket as your opponent usually wont pack a power structure of starships......youll have them in shock when you drain for 4 at Kashyyyk and Kiffex. Oh, one more thing about the TIEs. Why are they in there? For a cheaper alternative to your Star Destroyers that can reach Clouds and other space areas you may want to go.....theyre also anti-Landing Claw. Remember your walkers can react and Combat Readiness is in there to give you the force to do just that.
Heres what to do against some of the most popular LS decks out there.....

vs. Hidden Base: This deck KILLS HB.....every system they drop is practically another place to use Omnious Rumors at, and your starships should more then handle the probing aspect of the game. Battle Order seems made for this deck, so use that to your advantage as well.

vs. Profit: Alas, there are NO aliens in this deck, and most Profits wont have too much space in thiers....Artoo wont hurt you one bit, let them retrieve the 10 and just out-drain them in space and on Endor. Trample Han if the chance comes up.

vs. Ops: Heres where you change gears a little.....send most of your walkers over to the Renegade planet and leave a few for Endor. Chances are they wont go after you if theyve got some company on thier planet. Once again, set up the Rumors and outdrain them in space.
The 'react' abilities of your chiken walkers are awesome here.

vs. everything else: Once again, set up Rumors and theyll start drawing for thier ships. Mainsmay give you a few problems, but thats why the reacts are in there.....you should out-power almost any crew thats thrown at you.

Thanks for reading........Any comments and suggestions are appreciated.

