---
author: Matt "Phobos" Berta
title: Battle of Endor Light v1
side: Light
date: 2000-09-14
description: My first attempt at a Light side B of E deck. I picked what I think are the 60 best cards, so it’s pretty much just a pile.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

The Restaurant: 5
Home One: War Room
HFTMF
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Strike Planning

Meat: 26
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Daughter Of Skywalker x2 (bling!)
General Solo x2 (bling!)
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk x2 (bling!)
Orrimaarko
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
Admiral Ackbar
Lieutenant Page
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Nien Nunb
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
Tycho Celchu
Ten Numb
Lieutenant Greeve
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Major Panno
Corporal Midge
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Janse

Utensils: 4
Luke’s Lightsaber
Chewie’s Light- errr, Bowcaster
A280 Sharpshooter Rifle
Enhanced Proton Torpedoes

Luxurious Chairs: 8
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Blue Squadron 5
Tala 1
Tala 2
Home One
Liberty

A1 Sauce: 7
Insertion Planning x2
I Know x2
Rebel Leadership x2
Our Only Hope

Side Veggies: 3
Close Air Support
Squadron Assignments
Honor Of The Jedi

Where ya eatin?: 7
Home One: Docking Bay
Endor
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor: Back Door (hehehehehe)
Endor: Rebel Landing Site
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail
Aquaris 

Strategy: 

Anyone else want some steak?

In case you don’t know what the Battle of Endor format is, it’s a constructed format with only cards from Endor, Death Star 2, and Death Star 2 Starter decks. Check Decipher’s site if you don’t believe me or something.

Well, there it is. Hell, I’m not even totally sure how to play the mother. Of course grab Madine first thing, then activate and stick him to the Home One: D Bay which you pulled on your deploy phase, right? You’ll have to take the chance of leaving him there alone for one turn, so pray to whatever that your nemesis doesn’t have Merrejk or Sarkli, and then next turn grab a suitable scout to sit with him. Send Kensaric with a pal ASAP to the IN-DOH D Bay, and start building up there... if no competition comes to hinder you (yeah right) then you’ll be getting at least 9 per turn activate. Should be swell to get set-up... don’t draw anymore when you’re down to 20 Life Force, unless absolutely necessary... these will almost always be close games. Now specific card choices:
A280 Rifle: So its a crappy weapon, you think? Well, it does shoot for free and Janse, Greeve and Midge each add +1 when they shoot it (Midge +2 if he’s with only scouts). It can get vehicles, and adjacent sites, too.
Enhanced Proton Torpedoes: In case some nut tries to build a Death Star, or Ten Numb can blow stuff up.
Rebel Leadership: Not nearly as good as its counterpart, Imperial Command, but still decent w/3 Generals and one Admiral.
Our Only Hope: Get card(s) back from BHBM is good.
Back Door: Your hopeful drain site, plus you might have to run in the Bunker. Are you a back door girl?
Rebel Landing Site: The only safe place from Perimeter Patrol.
Hidden Forest Trail: Activation, and move anywhere on IN-DOH!!
Aquaris: Activation, plus make their Dreadnaughts- umm, nevermind.

There ya have it. ALL suggestions are welcome. Oh, I didn’t use Rebel Strike Team cuz I don’t think it will ever flip. But I could be wrong...    