---
author: Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: Dark Deal: Dead On v.2
side: Dark
date: 2000-12-22
description: My Dark Deal Deck.  Packs a major wallop, and is a complete monster when it comes to damage.  Beats the rebels off the city in the clouds.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: 7
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF
Cloud City: Upper Walkway
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
YCHF

Locations: 8
Bespin
Bespin: CC
CC: Dining Room
CC: Security Tower
CC: Port Town District
CC: Incinerator
CC: Lower Corridor
CC: East Platform (DB)

Characters: 18
Emperor Palpatine
DVDLOTS
EPP Vader
Darth Vader
Mara Jade, TEH
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
EPP Boba
Adm. Piett
Lt. Commander Ardan
Bane Malar
Jodo Kast
ECC 4-LOM
Jabba
Lando Calrissian
Niado Duegad
Captain Sarkli

Starships: 10
Executor
Chimaera
Bossk In Bus
ZIMH
Iggy in ship
Dengar in ship
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8

Vehicles: 1
Tempest 1

Weapons: 2
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara’s Lightsaber

Effects: 5
Dark Deal x2
Cloud City Occupation
Search & Destroy
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts: 9
Ghhhk
Imperial Barrier x4
Scanning Crew x4



Strategy: 

Dark Deal.  This is my second favorite deck next to Rops, and that’s dead now.  I like it for a number of reasons.  It has the no canceling and modifiying section on the back, and if you look at my page, you’ll find almost all of my decks deal with force draining for a large amount.  This fits in nicely.  When I first considered Dark Deal and the TDIGWATT objective it was going to try non-unique troopers and trooper assults.  Well, I built it, and took a look through.  What I saw was a disgusting pile of commons staring back at me.  It was then I decided to switch to mains.  I think this option provides a lot more versitility as you don’t need to worry about sense killing you, along with Grimtaash.  This deck can beat anyone off Cloud City.  It could be a souped up Luke or Leia, it could be EPP hit squads.  This deck won’t let the opposition take Cloud City.  They may cancel DD by spreading out, but that makes them ripe targets, and that’s why I pack two.  First turn I get a card from reserve depending on what’s in my hand.  If I have Cloud City, I’ll pick out Dark Deal, if I don’t I’ll deploy Cloud City and the East Platform with IAO.  I didn’t put in Downtown Plaza because I didn’t like giving the light side two force and a nice place to try and set up a drain.  Second turn also depends on the situation.  I usually won’t pull Bespin untill I’m ready to flip though.  I really like the non-battleground sites, because I can still force drain for two there, and do it in relative safety.  Lt. Commander Ardan is great at these sites since he gets a destiny if he’s alone at a site.	Incase something goes wrong, that’s why I have 4 scanning crews and 4 barriers.  It think that the two of them in tandem are a great combo.  SCrew lets you delay rebels, and if there are more, you know to have a barrier ready.  The hardest part about playing this deck is with all the gametexts.  For instance:

-Light side characters and vehicles deploy +1 to CC locations when you control.
-Your power in battles is +1 for every starship at CC.
-DD not only adds two to your drains at CC sites, it gives a bonus +4 in battles too.
-With an Imperial/Alien pair on the flip side, your Battle Destiny draws are +2.
-On the flip side of your objective, your drains can’t be canceled or modified by the opponent.  I.E. Hidden Base, Rebel Fleet.
-Secret Plans, it can win you the game.

Sarkli is great, as he can bring in a nice big welcoming party.  For holding CC, you can’t beat the Obsidians/BH ships.  The power and gametexts add up.  Even with the effects of Great Warrior, Menace Fades, and The Planet It’s Farthest From, many people underestimate the damage power of this deck.  Cloud City Occupation is a big factor in this.  Even if my drains are mostly stopped, with a minimum of three sites, CC and Bespin, a saber, and CC Occupation, I can still cause 8-10 points of damage a turn, and my Mains and ships are free to go create havoc.  This deck isn’t flashy, but it’s solid.

Vs Profit: If they don’t come to you, you’ve won the game.  You’ll always cause more damage than they will, which is why they need to force the action.	SCrew them, barrier them, and blast them off your mobile city.	If oppurtunity knocks, send in Mara to knock off Han.

Vs EBO: This is a tougher matchup than profit because EBO causes more damage.  If they play heavy space, control CC and Bespin.  Don’t worry about stopping them anywhere else, you’ll hold through.	Search and Destroy will be really big in this kind of matchup.	On the other hand, if they play a balance of characters and ships, or heavy mains, play like you would profit and beat them off your planet.

Vs RST: Again, they’ll need to come to you.  You should be causing damage all over the place.  You shouldn’t be at a disadvantage in ships.  If Gen. Calrissian and GS1 make an early visit, wait until you have enough ships before commiting them to blowing him up.  Keep an eye on your destinies, as one multi-destiny battle for you and he’s had it, even if Nien is onboard.  Play smart and you’ll win, even if it’s close.

Vs TIGIH: There’s a reason why I put three Vaders in this deck.  TIGIH.  Luke running around on Endor with his saber can really be tiresome, so once you get a Vader, go get him.	You should win fairly easily in light of your damage.

Vs MWYHL: Test 1 will slow you down, but you’ll have seven or so turns to eat away at them.  Get Bespin and CCO early to increase direct damage, and get S/D too.	Once they flip, they should almost be down to the ten force needed to retrieve, and if they can’t so much the better.  If they do retrieve, just continue eating away.  A DOS of Death might be bad, but she takes force to bring up and deploy, force to battle, and you have your SCrews and barriers.  Fairly easy matchup.

Vs AITC: I’ve never played one, so I can’t comment.

Vs Hidden Base: It could be of any kind, normal, numbers, "Hidden Operatives," mains, whatever.  You’ll still beat them.  You’ll cause way more damage than they can cope with, and if it’s mains, they won’t flip most likely, and won’t last on Cloud City.  Don’t probe unless you have the ships and junk to do it with because it isn’t that important.

Vs DBO: Just thought I’d close with a laugh! :-)

May The Force Be With You! 