---
layout: archive
author: ! matthew "smileybob1" clark
title: ! "OMDHHB"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-10
description: ! "Popular deck type lately.  Thought id post my type now since the new CPI objective is gonna destroy this strategy"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
Hidden Base

Locations 9
Alderaan
Tattoine
Dagobah
Yoda's Hut
Tibrin
Jundland Wastes
3rd Marker
Rendevouz Point
Indicator

Characters 15
Obi Wan Kenobi
Obi with Saber
2 Master Luke
2 Captian Han
2 Leia with Blaster
Jeron Webb
Momaw Nardon
Orrimarko
Tawas Kha
Yoda
Lando with Blaster
Harc Seff

Starships 7
Tantive IV
Spiral
Redemption
2 Mellenium Falcon
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red 6

Effects 16
2 OMDH
Bacta Tank
Legendary Starfighter
Traffic Control
Draw Their Fire
Wise Advice
3 What Are you trying to push on us
Goo Nee Tay
Aim High
Battle Plan
Ultimatum
Order to Engage
Mechanical Failure

Interrupts 11
3 The Signal
Gift of the Mentor
The Force is strong with this one
Bith Shuffle
Run Luke Run
2 Nabrun Leids
2 Grimtaash

Weapons 1
Anikin's Saber '

Strategy: '

I know this is similar to several of the decks posted lately but i use a much different card choice.  I obviously dont flip, I like super falcon but i dont pack 3 copies of everything, i think that is silly considering that two is pretty fast and monok is usually a staple in most good dark decks.  The system Tibrin is very effective with mass retrieval and can really save your butt in the middle and late game.  I also use dagobah and the hut for early generation and i almost always eventually get yoda to the hut for help with attrition.  The two drain sites are for your characters if you have no where to depoy.
Particularly the 3rd marker is just some meta for my area.  Anyway if all else fails focus on your retrieval only and try not to concern yourself with damaging the opponent in a losing game.	The retrieval will allow you to gain time and form a come back.  I also like wise adavice to start + lots of grabbers great to stop high destiny cycling, SAC, manipulation, sabacc, whatever.	So this is my deck. '