---
layout: archive
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Geoff Gallo-Cornell  Unoriginal and Uncreative--Again"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-20
description: ! "Ok, its not quite Unoriginal, or Uncreative.... But the name got you to read it, didnt it?"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
Audience Chamber
HFTMF
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Uh-Oh

Locations(4)
TatooineDB
DDB 327
CCDB
EndorDB

Characters(27)
Devaronian x10 (what?)
Elom x5
EPP Obi x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Luke
Jedi Luke
Tessek x2
CC Engineer x2

Effects(9)
Grabber x2
Wise Advice
Bo Shuda
Honor of the Jedi
Bargining Table x2
Projection x2

Interrupts(15)
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x5
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Signal x3
Fallen Portal x2
It Could Be Worse
Transmission Terminated x2

'

Strategy: '


Ok, this deck is something i brewed up in home room today. I thought up the idea of using devs the other night, and put it into action today.

Why the devaronians?
--Cause they are power +2 at Docking Bays and mobile sites (DSII anyone?). plus they are destiny 3.

Ok, now for the strat, but this is all being made up since i havent played it yet.

First turn, get out a DBay, and drop a dev or and elom (preferably 3 of any mixture to prevent choke vader from bashing on you) and drain. using YWTMTJN get tessek to the AC, and the nar shaddaa chimes to get a CC engineer if they decided to convert your audience chamber. the nar shaddaas are good for using to get aliens for putting on bargining table, which kills one of their drains a turn, and the projections also aid in the knocking down of drains. Once you have a good number of devs down, or towards the end of the game, play nar shadda to get back ten force to help you win.

use tessek and bo shuda to keep your aliens cheap, and your drains high, and your AC safe from battles, so tessek stays alive.

use the EPPs as beatdown crews.

Now for why i chose the cards i did, and why they are tech

The Dbays -- nice activation for you, let your EPPs come crashing down on any little outposts they may have. You can get activation of 15 + whatever they give you, and that is a decent amount for laying the smack down. Plus they are all pullable from your deck with insurrection.

Devs -- they are tech power 3, ability 2 at Dbays, plus they are only deploy 2 (with tessek down) and destiny 3, plus they like going to the bargining table to stop drains.

Eloms -- happy little muppets that enjoy cancelling drains with bargining table, and smacking imperials around like small red headed step children.

EPPs -- good for beatdowns, beatdowns, and yet more beatdowns

Tessek -- read the card, you’ll know why.

CC engineer -- converts the AC, and he adds one to drains at their DBays, which you will easily control with all the EPPs and devs.

Grabbers -- what more do i need to say? they are grabbers

Wise Advice -- free grabbers anyone? swap with wise adice/do or do not	when reflections 2 comes out

Bo Shuda -- stops the oppenent from beating down on tessek at the AC

Honor -- stops drains at non-bg sites, and might prevent visage damage for a few turns

Bargining Table -- good for cancelling drains, period

Projection -- no more drain one sites for them.

Nar Shaddaa Chimes -- pulls aliens and it retrieves, what more do you want?

YWTMTJN -- gets tessek or another alien to the AC fast

Fallen Portal -- as twigg put it best "no lightside deck is complete with out one"

Transmission Terminated x2 -- bye bye visage. swap with TT/OOC when reflections 2 comes out.



'