---
layout: archive
author: ! Jacob "Boda-Baas" Mayer
title: ! "Jake’s Post-JPSD Hunt Down"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-31
description: ! "Its big and its blue and its coming for you"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
  Hunt Down and Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Locations (7)
  Executor Holotheatre (S)
  Executor Meditaion Chamber (S)
  Executor Docking Bay
  Endor Dark Forest
  Endor Forest Clearing
  Endor Back Door
  Endor Landing Platform

Characters (24)
  Lord Vader x2
  Darth Vader
  EPP Vader x3
  Mara Jade x3
  Grand Moff Tarkin x2
  Emperor Palpatine x2
  Sim Aloo
  Jabba The Hutt
  Ephant Mon
  4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
  IG-88 with Riot Gun
  Dr. E
  Commander Igar
  DS-61-2
  DS-61-3
  DS-61-4
  Captain Sarki
  U-3PO

Weapons (1)
  Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Vehicles (6)
  Blizzard 1
  Blizzard 2
  Tempest 1
  Blizzard Walker x2

Starships (1)
  Executor

Effects (11)
  Visage Of The Emperor (S)
  Mobilization Points (S)
  Imperial Arrest Order (S)
  Crush The Rebellion (S?)
  Security Precautions
  Imperial Decree (S?)
  Bad Feeling Have I
  There Will Be Hell To Pay
  No Escape
  Power Of The Hutt (S?)
  Search and Destroy

Interputs (10)
  Prepared Defences (S)
  I Have You Now x3
  Twilek Advisor x3
  Monnok
  Nevar Yalnal
  Evader

Even the best laid plans fall apart in the heat of battle.

I always start mobilization points and imperial arrest order.  The third effect depends on the opponent.  Imperial decree against any New Secret Base start, Power Of The Hut against MWYHL and HB, and Crush The Rebellion against Profit, Throne Room, or any other crap your opponent can come up with.

If your opponent gives you enough force to deploy Vader then pull the Endor DB first turn and flip.  If he chokes you then deploy the Executor DB and deploy there for extra generation.  If you don’t flip the first turn there is no reason you can’t do so the second turn.

Power of the Hutt lets you protect visage with Ephant Mon in games that you are going to need it around. Crush pulls destiny adders against mains and stops or at least slows down revo. You can use Mara and Nevar Yalnal to get rid of Boushh or Artoo.  No escape let your direct damage through if your opponent is still clinging to the now opsolete Honor Of The Jedi.  The Dr. + EPP Vader or Mara con saber = fun.  I know some think Bad Feeling is useless if you don’t start with it but what the heck I can always draw in or Twi’lek for it early in the game (It works more often than not). There Will Be Hell To Pay and Monnok are just standard ways to make your opponent pull out his hair when you disrupt his game plan.  Sarki is the best deploy 2 character in the game (Take that Dr. E). I have no numbers protection.  Now don’t get me wrong, I think numbers are still out there, You just have to play that much smarter.  Why Lord Vader? Uncontrolable Fury. Why Darth Vader? The only thing better than I Have You Now is I Have You Now +3.	Why EPP Vader? I like sabers. Three Mara’s Am I crazy? Quite possibly so but I like spies who draw destiny and I don’t become too attached when I know there is another still in my deck.  My grandma, what big walkers you have. Better to kill you with. Walkers + pilots = Power 9 + destiny + immunity to sabers and EPPs and attrition less than 4.	Plus they look very intimidating.  Remember, its not what you have in your deck, its what your opponent thinks you have in your deck. Oh yeah and size does matter.

From here on out it is up to you on how you play this deck.  As you can see, it is character heavy and can hold its own on the ground.	It has drain potential on Endor and direct damage with S+D and Visage.	While your power can soar, your destiny will not.  As with most Hunt Down decks I’ve seen this deck has many low destiny with a smattering of 5s and 6s.  While the average destiny is between 2 and 3, almost half the deck is a 2 or below.  I’ve increased the chances of striking it big with a five or six by adding I Have You Now which can be pulled with Crush The Rebellion and will work with both Vader and The Emperor.	This tends to work out well because most of the games battles seem to gravitate towards your two dark jedi.  There are also various destiny adding combos in the deck like Igar in Tempest 1 or a blizzard walker and Jabba and his twerps.  While you might no be able to take down Jedi Luke with one destiny, I you are almost guaranteed to do so with 3 destiny.

I’m now going to attempt to defend myself from critisism that all of my dark decks draw.

It’s true, It’s true. I have only one ship in this deck.  What the hell was I thinking when I came up with this cacamemee excuse for a deck.	And not only that, its the firgin’ Executor and I’m playing huntdown.

The way I see it, if the lightside wants to control space, I mean really wants to control space, the non-space oriented darkside decks can do nothing other than pester them. Four bounty hunter ships aren’t going to stop an X-wing HB deck,  a couple dreadnaughts aren’t going to twart to well designed EBO deck, the Chimera and a couple of star destroyers aren’t going to slow done a properly played LTA cruiser deck- so why try.  Why kid ourselves.  If we play our opponents game we are going to lose more often than not.  I firmly believe that in order to put up a proper resistance in space, one has to play with at the very minimum six starships and even that is no sure thing.  Against a good light player the most likely turnout would involvea power pivot, the loss of your ships, and a Legendary Starfighter on the Falcon.

This deck shouldn’t go head to head with lightspace.  I refuse to play to my opponents strengths.	My philosophy is the lightside can do their thing in space, I’ll just do my thing on the ground better.  Decipher has given me the tools to do just that.	Visage and S+D can quickly turn deadly and the drains on endor are nothing to sneeze at.  Decree can stop EBO on the ground and security precautions makes it relatively safe for flagship to probe a system or two before tucking my tale between my legs and running for all I’m worth.

The Executor is only meant to contest a weak lightside presence in space or as a last ditch effort against powerful lightside space.  With the pilots I pack and the ability to pull it from my deck, the Excutor aptly fills my limited role for dark space.

And there you have it, at least you read my reasoning before you slapped a 3 and a half star rating on my deck and told me to put in more starships.  I appreciate it.

'

Strategy: '

And Remember, if you shake it more than twice, your playing with it.

			Boda-Baas '