---
author: Evan "Lorax" Fitzgerald
title: you don’t really use matching black pilots?
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-27
description: I do - and I combine them with hunt down for a great combination.	I am sure you will all think it sucks, but give it a try - strategy is essential.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 


Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (8)
Avenger
Devastator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2
Vengeance
Black 2
Black 3
Black 4

Characters (16)
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lord Vader

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber  x2

Effects (8)
Battle Deployment - Admiral’s Order
Combat Response
Come Here You Big Coward!
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Pride Of The Empire
Lateral Damage

Interrupts (12)
Imperial Command
Focused Attack
The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader’s Obsession
You Are Beaten
Prepared Defenses
Dark Maneuvers	x2
Masterful Move
Projective Telepathy  x2
Tallon Roll  x2

Locations (9):
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Rendili
Sullust
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Executor: Docking Bay
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter

Unknown Type:
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe


Strategy: 

This deck forces action by starting with HDADTJ.  It will be more expected now, so a couple more visages might be needed (but I can’t find space).  Black pilots are 8/9 starting talon roll.  So they can go straight up against the super-falcon or lateral damage, dark manuevers, dreadnaughts, battle deployment are used to pump up that talon roll number.  If you control space - the drains get outrageous.	This deck will never lose to a super-falcon deck.  Why no No Escape? Cause I am no weinnie - and I will have three battlegrounds - plus Honor will be rarely played.  As for the other matchups:

Profit - start mara, dengar, and load up the AC as fast as you can.  Do not pull the DS docking bay.  That way they are either coming to AC or space.  Since profit is weak in space typically (no han) I will take my chance there.  The key to beating profit is to never give up the AC.  If they release Han - drain for 3/4 there with the sabers.

HB - visage puts pressure on them.  Just drain at the DS docking bay with sabers.  If you are lucky enough to draw the defensive perimeter - go there.	Lord Vader there is sick with the plus 4 to destiny on the saber.  Otherwise, talon roll their ships - they can only have 1 gold squadron, and it will hit the table fast generally with general cal.  So let them have that drain.  Wedge in ship is tough but not unstoppable.  You should try and setup pride of the empire here for a game ender.

EBO - Even tougher as you will notice no Decree.  If this is a problem - switch decree for CHYBC.  But I prefer CHYBC as is hurts retrieval - the bane of visage.  Same thing goes - wait to deploy space until they have spread to one area where talon roll makes them very weak.  Perhaps the falcon and some scrub ship.  You will have to win this one by hurting their space, since their drains will be big.

That is all the LS plays - everything should be fine.  This deck has it all - huge space drains, stong concentrated ground force.  Surprise. 