---
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: Wok n Sock
side: Light
date: 2000-05-23
description: Ewoks are back....with a vengenace
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (3)

Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail
Careful Planning

Locations(6)

Endor: Back Door x2
Endor: Rebel Landing Site
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Great Forest x2

Characters(27)

Daughter of Skywalker x3
Chief Chirpa x2
Kazak x2
Teebo
Threepio
Rabin
Wicket
Graak
Ewok Spearman x4
Ewok Tribesman x4
Ewok Sentry x4
Ithorian x3

Weapons (3)

Leia's Blaster Rifle
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

Devices (1)

Landing Claw

Starships (2)

Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts(15)

Free Ride x4
Sound the Attack x3
Nar Shadaa Wind Chimes x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Yub Yub! x2
The Signal x2

Effects (3)

Bargaining Table
Mechanical Failure
Do or Do Not




Strategy: 

READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING

Now this Light deck isnt the best LS out there, I know, but it can win alot of its games.

The key to winning with this deck is knowing which ewok does what. Once thats all figured out, there should be no problem winning against most DS decks out there. The deck is made to be Monnok-proof, theres enough Ewoks of every catagory that Monnok wont nail your alot.

Heres a small list of what they all do for the deck, indivually and collectively.

Ewok Spearman - this guy plus any other Ewok draws destiny.....now thats cool

Ewok Tribesman - Satisfy all attrition? Sign me up!

Ewok Sentry - Reacts to battles

Kazak - Adds 1 to drains where you have an Ewok

Chief Chirpa - Fishes Ewoks out of your deck every turn

Graak - Mosep for Ewoks

Daughter of Skywalker - High ability character, adds one to each Ewok present with her because of the icon she generates.

Threepio - Adds alot to attrition, constant forfeit fodder of 5.

Ithorian - Adds one to drains and power/forfeit of Ewoks there.


With all these bonuses, your Ewoks should typically be around 3-4 power each, and should have no problem handling offenders. Yub Yub is included to cancel Empires New Order, and you can also use it for additional forfeit. The Free Rides are included for anti-AT-ST and Speeder Bike purposes, plus its a recyclable 5. Use Red and Gold to handle space with the claws. Be careful....the Nabruns are not meant to get your guys off of Endor, but rather to shuffle on Endor for the beatdown.


What to do vs....


Hunt Down: This is easy. DOS cant be dueled, but I wouldnt deploy her because HD shafts her. If he chooses to stay off Endor, spread around and drain, keeping a Nabrun handy. Ithorians and Kazak add to drains and up the power of your Ewoks in battle. Use Sound the Attack to get out of sticky situations and to handle Tarkin. Shouldnt be a problem if they come to Endor. Go for maximum beatdown when they do.

Raltiir: The best of match-ups, this deck can handle them. Your key avantage lies in your Ithorians and Kazak, which keeps your drains on Endor plentiful and alive. Use Free Rides and Leias Blaster to rid of walkers, get Bargaining Table out and stop his space drains. Mechanical Failure + beatdown usually equals game if they decide to hit Endor.

TIES: A tough match-up, spread and drain for hell....use Ithorians, Kazak, and Anakins stick for drains up the waazoo, which will do more than thier retrieval will. If Vader comes down, its basically game. Bargaining Table thier space drains.

Anything else should be easy to handled. Drain for hell and battle once the oppurtunity presents itself. The average power of your battles range from the 25-30 mark, so dont think your gonna get smacked.

Any suggestions will help, please no whack reviews. If youre gonna give me a crap rating, tell me why with a decent explanation.

The Brahma Bull
