---
layout: archive
author: ! James "Rangr209" Moriarty
title: ! "when QMC gets angry"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-12
description: ! "This is your character based QMC deck that drains like a mofo when left alone."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations 9
Bespin
BespinCC
Carbonite Chamber
Downtown Plaza
Lower Corridor
North Corridor
Clouds x3

Characters 22
Obi-wan kenobi x2
Han with blaster x2
Leia with Blaster
DOS
SOS
Luke with saber
chewbacca
pucumir thryss x2
yoxgit
tawss khaa
melas
boshek
chewbacca
chewbacca and gun
Tibanna gas miners x3
H'nemthe x2
Planes and @#$% 13

z-95 bespin planes x2
cloud car x3
gold squadron y-wing
landoo in falcon x2
corellian corvette x2
Medium bulk freighter x2

Red 13
Courage of a skywalker
docking and repair facilities
bacta tank
glancing blow
it can wait x4
lightsaber proficiency
skywalkers
insurrection
life debt
meditation
CC Celebration x2

green 2
ani's saber
obi saber

objective 1
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation

'

Strategy: '

This deck likes to set up and protect its drains on Cloud City. Using the Gas Miners and Pucumir to add bunches. People think that this objective is hard to keep are idiots. All you gotta do is get Docking and Repair Facilites, Landoo in falcon, A corvette, and a pilot in y-wing or something and you're set. Also using celebration as a retrieval engine.

Vs. Hunt Down
This is not easy but at the same time is very winnable. This game relies a lot on your skill as a player rather than the deck itself. In this you must set up indoors so you can hide from a huge imperial barrage(Vader, Tarkin, Igar in tempest 1). I like the lower corridor for its lightsaber thing and the good drain. When you flip you must get your ground drains goin fast. this will hurt them big. When they finally come to you be sure to have duel protection in hand and you'll be fine. Uncontrollable fury is huge here because of its affect on tarkin. After you take out vader a few times try to keep a steady drain in the clouds(ulitmatley win the game usually) while holding battle grounds.

Vs. Rallops

This is fairly easy since they usually depend heavily on Blue stuff. Here you must flip ASAP in clouds and on ground. Many times they will lose their ships or key characters from this. Try to send Chewbacca and a hit squad to ralltir and bust up some at-st's.

ISB
This is really hard but if you play right and use good timing its a win.  Wait for them to set up  first and try to beat them in a battle which is your best shot at winning. If that fails or you see the oppurtunity just go and beat them in space. Normally you want to just spread out on Cloud city and beat them to to the ground with drains. They will usually try to drain themselves. If they want to battle remember to keep it indoors to protect from blue stuff. '