---
layout: archive
author: ! Dan "Static-X" Grover
title: ! "Revenge Of The Amazing Elom Brigade"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-04
description: ! "Your basic Mains and Eloms deck. Designed for maximum ass-whomping."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS (8)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut {S}
Home One Dorking Bay
Hoth Echo Dorking Bay
Yavin 4 Dorking Bay
Cloud City Dorking Bay
Tatooine Dorking Bay 94
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Tatooine Cantina

CHARACTERS (22)
2x Jedi Luke
2x Ben Kenobi
Captain Han Solo
Han with Blaster
2x Leia with Blaster
Chewbacca
Wedge Antilles
KFC
Figrin D’an
10x Elom

STARSHIPS (6)
Millenium Falcon
Home One
Tantive IV
Spiral
Liberty
GLiG1

WEAPONS (2)
Luke’s Saber
Ben’s Saber

EFFECTS (10)
Insurrection {S}
Staging Areas {S}
Do Or Do Not {S}
Wise Advice
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
Draw Their Fire
Yarna Dal Gargan
Honor Of The Jedi
Bacta Tank
INTERRUPTS (12)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
3x The Signal
2x Rebel Barrier
2x Fallen Portal
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Clash O’ Sabers
Transmission Terminated
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO '

Strategy: '

Ahh, yes. The old standby, mains beatdown. It never really left, it just got overshadowed by ROPs and Hunt Down. Well, it’s still here, and better than ever. I haven’t yet gotten to optimize it for JPSD; I plan to wait until it’s released and then make my changes. However, this deck is flexible and should do well against most deck types. Once that card that hoses Honor is out, Hunt Down and BHBM will be out there in force, and I will have to make some changes. However, until then, this deck should be solid. SAC is taken care of by Do Or Do Not, plus there’s Wise Advice in there to further discourage SAC-happy folks. Admittedly, since I just made this deck (and it’s not exactly an original concept; everyone uses it),  I’m not sure how it stands up against other decks. Here’s my main strategies against predominant decks.

Hunt Down- Okay, a lot of Hunt Down decks work off of Imps, right? And what do Eloms hate? That’s right, Imps. Beat down at will, use TT to cancel Visage at your earliest convenience, and use NOOOOOOOOOOOO if Luke loses a duel.

BHBM- Similar concept. Send your Eloms to kick the crap out of your opponent. Give them Luke to stop force loss, then pound on them.

Dark Deal- It’s been making a comeback. Simply, since most Dark Deal decks go for speed at the cost of spreading out, just smack them down. If possible, do it before they can get Dark Deal out. And remember, you can cancel Dark Deal by occupying 4 Cloud City Locations.

TIES- I don’t see these much, but they are out there. Just battle them in space while draining on the ground. Watch out for Lateral Damage.

ROPS- You won’t see these too much any more. If you do, go to Ralltiir and smack them with Eloms.

WEll, there you go. I can’t think of many other deck types off the top of my head. Anyway, let me know what you think. '