---
layout: archive
author: ! Jason "X" Comstock
title: ! "Zuckuss In Lost Pile is a great card "
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-08
description: ! "This is your average Hidden Base deck, with plenty of counter-meta abd a few red and green surprises.This is proabably the deck I will take to a Tourney this weekend."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'-Objective (1)
1 Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

-Locations (7)

1 Coruscant
1 Hoth
1 Kessel
1 Kiffex
1 Rendezvous Point
1 Tatooine
1 Yavin 4

-Characters (5)
1 Chewie With Blaster Rifle
1 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
1 Leia With Blaster Rifle
1 Luke With Lightsaber
1 Obi-Wan With Lightsaber

-Starships (18)
1 Red Leader In Red 1
3 Red Squadron X-wing
1 Redemption
1 Tantive IV
12 X-wing

-Interrupts (17)
1 All Wings Report In
2 Control
2 It Could Be Worse
2 It's a Hit
2 Organized Attack
1 Power Pivot
1 Rebel Barrier
1 Slight Weapons Malfunction
3 The Signal
2 Transmission Terminated

-Effect (8)
1 Bacta Tank
1 Do, Or Do Not
1 Draw Their Fire
1 Rebel Fleet
1 S-Foils
1 The Planet That It's Farthest From
1 Traffic Control
1 Yarna d'al' Gargan

-Weapons (3)
3 X-wing Laser Cannon


'

Strategy: '

Well I need help for this deck because I am taking it to a tourney this weekend.
Add a copy of your favorite system as your Bidden Base (out of the previous choices).

Basic Strategy
Get out your systems out as fast as you can and X-Wings to the high drain ones.
Hoth should be your first system to get out, because without it your Corvettes cant go from one end of the table to the other.
You should put a Red Squadron X-Wings or RLiR1 at Coruscant, Kiffex, and Kessel.
Also, have a Laser Cannon at each of the big three, or at least the big two.
These are good for hitting and cutting down those pesky Bounty Hunter ships.
The EPP + ECC Mains are there for beatdown.  Bacta Tank to save those few characters and redploy for continuous beatdown or on Redemption for space protection.


Against certain deck types

-VS. HDADTJ

Spread out, flip and cancel their few drains.
Two copies of Transmission Terminated and It Could Be Worse
help against or cancel visage.	The destiny in this
deck is not the greatest unless you have all the
characters and ships out. So avoid dueling (deploying Obi or Luke)
unless only your Effects, Interupts, and Cannons are recirculating in your deck.


-VS. Operatives

Use The Planet Its Farthest From and the flip side
of Hidden Base to slow him down, while you drain in
space.	 Also, It's A Hit is good for canceling his drains on a renegade planet.
Use Mains as beatdown and park the Redemption at his planet for
free ship-docking back down to thier planet.  They will eventually lose all their Ops and Chars.


-VS. COTVG/ISEWYD

Pretty much same as above.  Try to control one
site with most of your EPP's to avoid losing to
his objective.	Against good players playing good
Court Decks, dont even deploy to Tatooine.
It could do you in.  It's a Hit and It Could Be Worse
are key if you choose to stay away.


-VS. Endor Ops

Get some good X-wing power at Endor to prevent to normal Effects the DS plays with this deck.
Flip and drain.  Deploy EPP's and wipe out opposition.
Only problem I see is if they use a lot of walkers.  If this your local-meta then play a couple Mechanical Failures.


-VS. Numbers

DS Numbers around here are about as popular as Jawa Decks are anywhere.
Though it seems to be rising in popularity.  If this is your local-meta then Ultimatum and Dont Forget The Droids should stop them.


-VS. Manipulation

Flip and Drain.  If you deploy right, the Rendevouz Point should make this not too big of a problem.
Getting out your EPP's might be a problem.  Bacta Tank/ Redemption will be quite usefull here.


-VS. TDIGWATT

Should be simple.  Deploy to Bespin and Bespin Cloud City and overpower.  That right there will shut them down.
EPP Beatdown should then commence.  If you get your mains early prevent him from the freeze.


Afterthoughts

I would add a couple grabbers if I had any, but I dont.  My supply of ANH is very low.	I will definately add them when I do.
All I can suggest is Flip, drain, battle, and that should be good enough against most decks as I think this one is fairly balanced.
On more side note.  Sometimes it is best not to flip untill the end.  Especially if he has alot of ships in his deck.
And remeber the power of Hidden Base's power to make them use one before they draw one (I fequently forget) as it prevents people from drawing up, letting you use Traffic Control to boost your differential.

Good Luck and give me an Honest review.

Regards,
Jason 'X' Comstock
'