---
author: Ronald "Bane Slader" Fonck
title: Court of the Vile Filth
side: Dark
date: 2000-03-28
description: Are you sick of Profit?  This is a deck that can take care of that with force retrieval to boot.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Court of the Vile Gangster

Locations (10)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Jabba's Palace: Rancor Pit
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon
Tatooine: Lar's Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (20)
Mara Jade x2
Jabba the Hut
Boelo
Feltipern Trevagg
Djas Puhr
Ree-Yees
Bnae Malar
Jodo Kast x2
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle x2
Bossk with Mortar Gun x2
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle x2
Dengar with Blaster Carbine x2
IG-88 with Riot Gun x2

Creatures (1)
Rancor

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Ships (2)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter (2)

Interrups (17)
Hidden Weapons x4
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Elis Helrot x3
Trap Door x2
Jabba's Through With You x2
Look Sir Droids
Sniper
Oo-ta Goo-Ta Solo?

Effects (8)
Bounty x2
Scum And Villainy x2
All Wrapped Up
Presence of the Force
First Strike
Security Precautions 

Strategy: 

Starting efect could change with a variety of decks out there today:

Profit: All Wrapped Up
Hidden Base: Sec. Precations
MWYHL: Scum and Villainy or Presence of the Force

With Profit I will start with Mara and Jabba at the Chamber and fortify with other characters spreading out little by little to get the drains.  Bounty what I can and get S&V with First Strick out so I can retrieve 3 force a battle (4 if they play Draw Their Fire).  You cannot beat that for retrival.  And then play as a beatdown and use the interrupts to do nasty things to your opponents.  I can take most Profit decks.  A Gift can be the biggest bane on this deck.  so that is what the Look Sir Droids is for.  MWYHL test 1 can be bad also.  Most of these decks will test to 2 and this should not be a problem with all the aliens you have.  I really like the Jabba's Through with You ... this can really help in the destiny draws and a recyclible 5 can not beat it.

Space is a problem ... ZiMH is pulled only when needed.  Usually after they flip HB or leave a lone scrub out there because they don't think you going th space.  Throw 4-LOM for the ride and draw 2.

I would like any constructive help on making this deck stronger.  Thanks alot. 