---
layout: archive
author: ! Jayke "Lord_vader20" Ball
title: ! "Bullet with Butterfly x-wings"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-25
description: ! "Hidden base x-wing swarm with Unigue Pilot Backup"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING
Hidden base
Sullust
Rend. Point
Heading for the frigate
Inseurection
YOur Insight serves you well
Squad assignments

SHIPS
x-wing x12
Red Squad 1
Gold squad 1
Tala 2
Green squad 3
Artoo in red 5

CHARACTORS
Han with gun
Lea with Gun
Thyco telcho
DS2 Wedge
Gen Calirisian
Nien Niumb
Lt. BLount
Luke skywalker

LOCATIONS
Yavin 4
Yavin 4 DB
Kiffix
Kessel
Endor
Sullust
Hoth DB
Coruscant

INTERUPTS
All wings x2
Organized attack x3
Signal x2
Rebel Barrier x2
COntrol x2
Nabrun leads

EFFECTS
Incom corp
Menace Fades
Projection of a skywalker
Traffic control
Rebel fleet
Yarna
Wise advise
Do or not do '

Strategy: '

**********DECK EDIT***************
ADD IN HAVEN TO EFFECTS
**********************************


This deck uses x-wings swarm with a unigue pilot and thier ship back up squad. It can get a full drain of 12 at my own sites.
Ok, pull your systems and docking bays. Wait till you get at LEAST han and lea and go to the yavin 4 docking bay. Get a few ships at yaving to add to you power on the ground. Then set up menace fades to cancel all drain bonuses. You also can put Incom here if you have to. Spread out at your systems to get a quick and fast drain. You can normally cancel 3 force drains (objective, Rebel fleet) Maybe even 4 if you get a control. This deck is fast and very effective.
MATCHUPS
MKOS/COURT They most likely will play hutt influence, so you wont be  abble to cancel drains. Get out menacr fades to stop gallid. Make shure you have ability 4 at every system to provent bounty hunter ship beatdown. Just spread an drain to win.

BHBM Give them luke early. You just need to spread and drain and make shure they lose a force at the end of thier turns. Let thier own objective kill them off. Cancel any drains they have, and draint o win.

Hunt Down If you have to, send in blount to kill off visage. Keep luke in space so they can?t duel. Just drain and win. (hopefully)

ANYTHING ELSE Just spead and drain. You shouldnt have a whole lot of trouble. I am currently 10-0 with this deck. It has played aliens/court, and Overseeing it personally tattoine deck, and a BHBM deck. All wins. PLEASE REVIEW I have a tounrie soon and would like some comments. THANKS  '