---
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: Why Ewoks Care About Hansicles
side: Light
date: 2000-06-19
description: This deck takes advantage of Tessek's presence in the Audience Chamber.  Along with Kazak and some Ithorians present on Endor, you can accomplish drains of up to 4 at each Endor site.  Coupled with a bunch of mains for power, this deck combines big battle
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS - 6
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace

CHARACTERS - 28
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Daughter Of Skywalker
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Ewok Spearman (x9)
Figrin D'an
Graak
Han
Ithorian (x3)
Kazak (x2)
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Momaw Nadon
Tawss Khaa
Tessek
Artoo
R-3PO (Ar-Threepio)
Threepio

EFFECTS - 10
A Gift
Anger, Fear, Aggression (x2)
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Insurrection
Order To Engage
Scramble
Traffic Control
Uh-oh!

OBJECTIVE - 1
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

INTERRUPTS - 15
Endor Celebration
Ewok Rescue
Houjix
I Have A Bad Feeling About This
Lost In The Wilderness
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)
Sound The Attack (x2)
The Signal
Transmission Terminated (x2)
Were You Looking For Me?
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now


Strategy: 

Starting stuff:
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed, Tatooine: Jabba's Palace, Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber, Han, The Signal for Uh-oh!

Object of deck:
This is a drain deck.  Profit is a nice side thing if opponent doesn't control the AC; freeing Han is not mandatory.  The key to this is to get Tessek to the AC.  Momaw Nadon is good at the AC for beefing up the Ithorians, and then in lategame for moving to Tatooine: JP with Han and maybe somebody else to increase opponent's loss to Or Be Destroyed by 1; he can also infiltrate the Holotheatre vs. Hunt Down to cancel Visage if the 2 Transmission Terminateds get cancelled or both used.
With Tessek at the AC, the Ewok Spearman and Ithorians deploy -1 and drains where they are +1.	With Kazak, Ithorians, and Graak on Endor, drains against your opponent are simple brutality.  You'll enjoy handsome drains of at least 4 (barring any opponent modification like Imperial Decree) at Endor sites.
AFA is great for either hurting your opponent for 4 or making him battle you while armed with Sound The Attack and Ewok Rescue.  Ouch.	Either way, your opponent should be hurting badly after that.
Anti cards include 2 Transmission Terminated against HDADTJ with Momaw as a possible reserve way to cancel Visage; Endor Celebration for Occupations; A Gift for opponent's draining and battling with aliens; and R-3PO against spies (esp. ISB and Mara).

In tournament play, this deck has a varied win/loss ratio.  The upside of this is that this deck wins big ( > +20 differential) or loses by a little ( < -15 differential).