---
author: Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: American Pie
side: Light
date: 2000-05-17
description: A long, long, time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objectives (1)
Quiet Mining Colony/ Independent Operation

Locations (6)
Bespin (start)
Bespin: Cloud City
Cloud City: Leia's Guest Quarters (start)
Cloud City: North Corridor
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Lower Corridor

Characters (15)
Obi-Wan w/Lightsaber x2
Son of Skywalker x3
Captain Han Solo x2
Leia w/Blaster Rifle x2
Lando w/Blaster Rifle x2
Lobot
Pucimir Thryss
Wioslea
Tawss Khaa
Orinmaarko

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

Starships (8)
Milenium Falcon x2
Spiral
Tantine IV
Redemption
ECC Z-95 x3

Interupts (17)
Don't Tread On Me
The Signal x2
Shocking Information
Path of Least Resistance x3
Rebel Barrier x2
Run, Luke, Run
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Transmission Terminated x2
Weapon Levitation x2
I Know

Effects (11)
Do Or Do Not
Resistance
Scrambled Transmission
Battle Plan
Cloud City Celebration x2
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
Order to Engage
What Are You Trying to Push On Us?
Traffic Control 

Strategy: 

For all of those who think QMC sucks, lets compare it to profit.  While comparing them is an article, the two objectives are somewhat similar in their locations, efficency, and their ability to deal extra damage while retrieving.  Start Don't Tread On Me for all three effects against everything but Ops and ISB (go battle plan!).  Then setup your deck by pulling the sites you need and drawing for the characters and ships you need to flip.	This is where most people dismiss QMC in the suck pile.  They try to setup too quickly.  You can afford to take your time and use Shocking Info/Scrambled Transmission to draw what you need.  DON'T RUSH TO FLIP!  make sure you can hold Bespin before flipping.  Once you flip, get Pucimir and Cloud City Celebration going.  Use PoLR and Barrier primarily to protect Pucimir but you can also use them to setup beatdown.  With Pucimir and high drain sites, you can inflict loads of damage and Celebration is used for retrieval.  PoLR and Barrier also allow you to spread out and maximize celebration and drains.

Card choices:

Characters- SoS is like Mara for the DS only Mara can't use Run, Luke, Run, CoaS, Glancing Blow, and PoLR.  Luke is a machine and he should be an ever present fighting force.  The fact that you can deal significant damage with him makes his deployment restriction neglible.  While you have Super Falcon capability, only use it when you need it to fight of a swarm of ships.	Always give it backup if DiPO is a possiblility.  Han and Leia are also useful on the ground.  Wioslea is superior to R-3PO hands down.  Lando has many aliens to fight with and Lobot is amazing.

Ships-you probably notice the absence of the Rebel Leaders.  They can't hang with the BH ships and only used them to flip and as backup to othe ships.  ECC Z-95's are better for this.  I don't need both because I don't need 10 ships to defend 1 location.  Rebel leaders aren't as good as they once were

Anti-Hunt Down- no spies becasue I can't back them up with Obi-luke and I don't liek CHYBC ruining my day.  PoLR on the Executor is nice but eventually your spy will get a visit from Mara/Vader.  3 anti-duel cards and 2 Transmission Terminateds are good.  Celebration is easy to set up against dueling because they don't have many characters and against non-dueling Luke and Obi with PoLR and Weapon Levitation are huge.

Weapon Levitation-  these are huge, better than Fury against most decks.  EPP vader is a rarity so you can expect to steal Mara's and Vader's Sabers.  Canceling YAB is also huge.  It can recycle as a 4 if you want.

The Don't Tread On Me start- make shift protection using very few cards.  Numbers, SAC, and manip are all significantly hurt (although not killed) by your start.  You have a fighting chance in every game because of this.

Battle Plan is huge when you can Celebrate.  enough said.

Most people play 1 magic bullet each for Bacta Tank, Savrip, and OtEngage.  Any one of these effects are game changing and they are dead if caught without the magic bullet.  The grabber is in here to catch the bullet so you can retrieve the effect with celebration and redeploy it.

cards i would love to add:

Sorry About the Mess- sweet card, but I like my other tricks better.  cards 61 And 62.
Effective Repairs- see comment about game breaking effects.
Advantage- I drool over this card, but in testing, I've never used it and stuck around long enough to deal more than 3-4 damage.  Not useful enough.


American Pie (not Madonna's version, the original Don McLean masterpiece) is one of the greatest songs ever.

And I knew if I had my chance, I could make those people dance, and maybe they'd be happy for awhile. 