---
author: anthony "yodap" payne
title: fury attackers
side: Light
date: 2000-09-03
description: this is the real furry attackers that i promised, it is an ewok deck, i know it aint the greatest in the world, but its fun to use......
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (3)
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor: Great Forest
Careful Planning

Weapons (15)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Luke's Lightsaber
Chewbacca's Bowcaster
Ewok Bow  x4
Ewok Catapult  x4
Ewok Spear  x4

Locations
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor: Ewok Village
Endor: Great Forest

Characters (28)
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Chief Chirpa
Daughter Of Skywalker
Ewok Sentry
Ewok Spearman  x10
Ewok Tribesman
General Solo
Graak
Kazak
Logray
Lumat
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Paploo
Rabin
Romba
Teebo
Wicket
Wuta

Vehicles (2)
Chewie's AT-ST
Ewok Glider

Interrupts (8)
Careful Planning
Sound The Attack  x3
Surprise Counter Assault
Yub Yub!  x3

Effects (3)
Battle Plan
Wokling

Effects (3)
I'm With You Too






Strategy: 

First off, this was made with deck maker, and i just realized that effects are seperated, and i dont know if there are more mistakes like that, i dont know why it does that. sorry for the inconvenience...

This deck is built obviously, with ewoks in mind. it also contains some of the main charactors to help in power.

Great forest, Cheif Chirpa's Hut, and Careful Planning are the starting cards. I chose these sites because ewoks deploy -1 at Chirpa's hut, and with wokling your ewoks will be +3 power!

I know there are not alot of locations, but you dont reall need them. For generation, number one you are getting 4 total with all locations plus wokling, but you only need 1 or 2 force to deploy each ewok, plus you'll get force from the opponents locations most likely. as for force draining, well, you have the 2 lightsabers that can enhance that if you want to, but it is not needed.

As for people well, i have one of every ewok as well as chewie, lea, han, and luke.  lea adds to the wokling idea, cause she also adds one icon, therefor making ewoks power +4. so with wokling and lea you can get a large amount of power with just a few ewoks, and then adding han, chewie, and luke into the battle just kills your opponent.

Obviously, eventually this will not work, unless you have weapons, cause otherwise, you opponent just wont battle until they have more people and then they will devestate you, so, you bring a few weapons out and kill his people as he deploys them, while keeping wokling in your hand, so your ewoks are still +3, but when he finally starts battling you, and not deploying anymore, you pull out wokling and suddenly your more powerful, and you completely devestate him!

Extra Bonus:  Is "surprise counter attack", your opponent thinks hes gonna force drain you, and boom, you play this and you can deploy the 17 non unique ewoks in the deck from your reserve deck, and devestate him in a quick and deadly battle. 