---
layout: archive
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "Bounty Hunting CAN be tournament worthy"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-14
description: ! "This is my final attempt at a COTVG deck that uses bounty hunting for retrieval. I'm working on it to prove to a friend that Bounty Hunting can be used to win tournaments."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objective 1
Court Of The Vile Gangster

Locations 7
Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
JP Dungeon
JP Rancor Pit
Tatooine Sarlacc Bed
Death Star
Endor

Characters 17
EPP Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Officer Evax
Admiral Ozzel
EPP Fett x2
Jodo Kast
Dr. Evazan
Jabba the Hutt
Djas Puhr(4 abilty bounty Hunter)
ECC Iggy
Bane Malar (pure tech)
Mara Jade
EJP Dengar
EJP Bossk
ECC 4-LOM

Creature 1
Rancor

Starships 6
Devastator
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckess in MH
Bossk in Stapler
Dengar in Punishing One
Dreadnaught

Weapon 1
Jade's Blade

Effects 13
Bad Feeling Have I
Grabber
Search and Destroy (best card in the game, baby)
Bounty x2
There is No Try
Secret Plans
Resistance
Quick Reflexes
CHYBC
Security Precautions
All Wrapped Up
Battle Oreder

Vehicle 1
Tempest 1

Interrupts 13
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Trap Door x2
Twi-lek x2
Hidden Weapons x3
Monnok
Ghhk
You Are Beaten
Surface Defense
Alter

'

Strategy: '


I made an error in the card list. It is supposed to include a Hutt Smooch instead of the third Hidden Weapons.

Alright, before you review, please read all of this section. I submitted this deck to help improve it, so please, if you're review is only going to be 1 line, don't bother.

Prior to anything else, I want people to know that every card in this deck has a purpose.

Generally I start Surface Defense, so I start with Insert/SAC/Retrieval protection. The only real exception is Ops. Start (duh) battle order against Ops.


As long as they come to Tatooine, you should be alright. The point of this deck is to just capture 1 or 2 key characters, retrieve for the bounty, then feed them to the Rancor. It actually works pretty well. Use Iggy/Hidden Weapons/Bossk/All Wrapped up to capture characters.

Use your Twi-leks wisely. Generally I get All Wrapped Up first, but that can change as needed.

I get Mara from reserve deck, and her Saber ASAP. That will establish a strong drain of 2 by turn 3 at the latest. Add that to the 1 per turn loss from the Objective, and it starts pretty quickly.

I'm sure you can figure out what else to do. Here's what I do against most decktypes

Profit
Start Jabba, Fett and Surface Defenses. Capture Luke and Ben if you can. Just fight and retrieve.

MWYHL
Start Surface Defense. If they're training past 2, get out Endor and send Vader to interrupt their training. Twi-lek for Search and Destroy. Have the Bounty Hunters hold Tatooine, if they try to fight.

Hidden Base
Start Security Precautions. 6 probing machienes. Don't go into space too early, and watch out for the beatdown. Tough game, but Direct Damage from the objective and Search and Destroy should do it for you.

TRM
If no choke you should be fine. I have seen NO choke in my area, so I didn't include any Evaders or other Revo protection other than Alter. D*, Endor and Jabba's Palace should be enough generation. If they Revo the dungeon, they're screwed.


Let me know what you think-
Andy
'