---
layout: archive
author: ! Matt "Darth Con" Ward
title: ! "Party on Endor 2 (better  much better)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-26
description: ! "A deck in which scouts use the RST objective to have large force drain partys on Endor. Also, you win nearly every battle."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Obj
RST/Garrison Destroyed

Characters
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Luke with Lightsaber
General Carlisian
Orrimarko
Lieutenant Blout
Colonel Cracken
Wuta
Daughter of Skywalker
Corporal Midge
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2
Major Panno
General Solo
General Crix Madine
Corporal Kensaric
Segeant Brooks Carlson
Chewbacca of Kashyyk
Tycho Celchu
Lieutenant Greeve
Corporal Beezer


Sites
Rendezvous Point
Endor
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Back door
Endor Great Forest
Endor Rebel Landing Site(Forest)

Starships
Green Squadron 3
Spiral
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2
Red Leader In Red 1

Interupts
Heading For the Medical Frigate
Rebel Barrier
Transmission Terminated
Rebel Leadership
Insertion Planning x5
Star Destroyer
Out Of Commission



Effects
Uncontrollable Fury
Your Insight Serves You Well
Menace Fades
Close Air Support x2
Battle Plan
Squadron Assignments
Insurrection
Strike Planning
Projection of a Skywalker
Traffic Control
Wise Advise

Green Cards
Anakin’s Lightsaber
A280 Sharpshooter Rifle
'

Strategy: '

This deck formally used Baragwins, but it stunk.

My starting effects are normally squadron assignments, strike planning, your insight serves you well.

Beezer cancels reacts

Wedge awesome on ground and land

LSJK with Annie’s  stick and alone is a monster

Gen. Carl takes with strike planning and is awesome in ship

Lt. Blout and Craken  put in their ship for strike planning or use to kill ISB

Wuta site searcher

Corp. Midge force drain adder

Crix strike planning and scout searcher

Corp. Ken =2 deploy for bad guys

Brooks Landspeed 2 and adds imunity

COK take able with Gen. Crix

Tycho Celchu spy and pilot

Greeve good scout with or without A280

Insertion Planning it’s good. 5 works don’t laugh

Tranmission Terminated is for Visage since Honor is useless

A280 is awesome

Well ya get out Gen.s With strike planning. Then get out COK, he gets Wuta, Wuta gets sites , you control sites, you flip You win.

Deck by Deck

Ralitair Get Close Air Support and then deploy to endor. When ya flip. Your force drains may not be modified or canceled. Then force dain them for the win.

Hunt Down Close Air Support is awesome if they give you a full-fledged assault. Wait with Obi and Luke with stick until they lose duel cards. Drain and run, then battle. Play smart.

 Court get Honor out then drain don’t go there. If they want you they got to come to you.
Close air will make sure trhey don’t get the upper hand on Endor.

BHBM kill vader with Close Air Support and your non Luke souts then go kill E.P.
Easy

Endor Ops.  Ha The second feature of IP will kill them if they are bikers. Close air is just going to give them no chance.

This deck is fun and good. Be smart and you will win.] '