---
layout: archive
author: ! Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: ! "BHBM	Are you ready"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-17
description: ! "Fun to play... quick and high activation to kill opponent"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
Bring him before me/take your fathers...
Throne Room
Your destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Mobil Points
Opressive
IAO

Sites(5)
DS2 D bay
Spaceport D bay
Endor D bay
Rendilli
Endor

Guys(14)
Emp
DLOTs x3
Lord Vader
Mara x2
Sarkli
Igar
Admiral Piett
Chinearu
Ozzel
Aloo
Janus

Ships/Vechicles(9)
Dreadnaught x3
Bossk
Flag Executor
Dominator
Chimaera
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Guns(3)
Mara Saber
Vaders Saber x2(perimere)

Effects(5)
You Cannot Hide
Lateral
Battle Order
Emps Power
Grabber

Interrupts(15)
Young Fool
Force Lightning x2
Monnok
Gravity Shadow
Trample
Rise my friend
Alter x2
Masteful
Barrier x3
Twillik
Circle

Admirals Order
Were in attack position now
'

Strategy: '

Hey people I finally decided to post another deck..  Well heres some strategy of how this thing works.

Try to get Emperor to Endor db or if last resort to death star db.  Against anything execpt EBO and Hidden Base pull out Rendilli with Mobil Points.  Try to get vader out.  if they give you luke duel them out.

Combos

Gravity Shadow/Lateral  This is cool even though its prob. already been done.	When they try to move away make the stay at the site with all your ships... deploy more guys and beat them up..

Piett	You can pull out your order or get igar and temp 1 combo going which is good.

Force Lightning/Young Fool  Cool combo though everyone does this.  It kills objs.  against MWYHL if you track correctly you can get Leia/Luke and place it outa play.	Profit kills han.

Cards in here
3x Barrier  Even with 3 I cant draw them for the life of me.

Vaders Saber.  I might be taking these out cause they arent that great.  but against certian decks its good to chop a guy and draw a fairly descent destiny.

stragegy

Profit  Get mara from deck to the AC.	Drop Emp to JP get maras saber and move her over for a drain of 3.  Since they prob. wont move han over (because of force lightning) drop dlots or lord to the AC and kill Han.

There is good in him  Convert their DB first turn and drop emp there.	try to get mara with her stick to chirpas hut for a good drain.  get walkers up to trample any of their guys.  use vader to get luke and start dueling him.  battle with your walkers and drain in space.  Hard match-up though.

EBO  Set up normally and drain at the DBs.  DONT deploy Rendili untill you have enough force and ships to defend it off..  Get battle order out try to attack their lone ships(if any) and get vader to a Battleground to make them lose from Your destiny.

Hidden Base  Preety Much same as above but concentrate more on dueling and probing.  Should be a fairly hard matchup but you should pull out on top.

i cant think of anything else to say execpt i would like to add 1 more rise my friend, emp and some imperial commmands and some more 6s.  but you can do the tuning yourself.  if you have any suggestions or comments write them down.. but dont just say screw me becuase i only have 1 emp or it doesnt fit your playing style.  thanks late. '