---
layout: archive
author: ! Trae "Freak4Life" Cadenhead
title: ! "One Heck Of A Deal"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-06
description: ! "Dark Deal working to its fullest potential."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time

Locations (7)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Downtown Plaza (starting)
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Security Tower (starting)
Cloud City Upper Walkway

Characters (22)
Commander Igar
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin
Jabba
Lando Calrissian
Lieutenant Arnet
Lobot
Lt. Pol Treidun
Mosep
Outer Rim Scout  x10
Zuckuss (starting)

Vehicles (4)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (10)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer  x2
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
Mist Hunter (starting)
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2

Interrupts (6)
Abyssin Ornament  x2
Alter
Any Methods Necessary (starting)
Twi'lek Advisor  x2

Effects (10)
Battle Order
Cloud City Occupation
Dark Deal  x2
Den Of Thieves
Expand The Empire  x2
Resistance
Secret Plans (starting)
Security Precautions


'

Strategy: '

This deck maximizes the potential of the dark side's latest objective. Also, please note that I meant to put Boba Fett In Slave 1 in the deck and forgot to, so just replace a card that you don't think is needed with it. Start with CC Port Town District and Secret Plans and use Any Methods Necessary to get the CC Security Tower, Zuckuss, and the Mist Hunter (why I chose those over Fett and his ship will be explained a bit later). Deploy Bespin first turn along with the Security Tower and any Cloud City locations you have drawn. As soon as you can, deploy Expand The Empire to Port Town District and start implementing the game plan. Use Outer Rim Scouts to gain control of three locations, the Obsidians for the clouds, and the nice array of ships to control the skies over Bespin. Plop Mosep down at Port Town District to capitalize on your deal. The drain potential in this deck is incredible. Expand The Empire helps some with drains by adding +1 to two extra locations. The main benefit of Expand, however, is being able to deploy your aliens cheaper and having them be power +1 (this comes in very handy with the ORS and other aliens in the deck). There are also imperials in the deck to help take advantage of the flipped objective as well as accomplishing a few purposes on their own Vader is here obviously for power in battle as is Tarkin, Igar does very nicely on Tempest 1 or another walker, Arnet is nice to have on Tempest Scout 1 and as a bonus stops reacts at the site (smash those Arconas). Lt. Pol Treidun helps to take  care of those annoying spies. I start with Zuckuss and Mist Hunter for a couple reasons. First, Zuckuss is a nice ability 4 (meaning he draws a battle destiny) which is cool to have in your opening hand. Also, Mist Hunter works with Outer Rim Scouts and Slave 1 does not. I can put two Outer Rim Scouts onto the Mist Hunter for a nice 8 power + destiny. Of course, I'd rather use Obsidians for the clouds and Star Destroyers for Bespin, but in a pinch ORS's can work well as pilots. I didn't use Revolution counters in this deck because I haven't seen much Revolution going on lately in light side decks. When this deck gets going it is pretty much unbeatable with it's powerful drains. If I do say so myself, this is one heck of a deal  '