---
author: Karl "Faust" Schultz
title: ELMOS EVERYWHERE v. 1.5
side: Light
date: 2000-09-03
description: Newest variant of my TIGIH ELMO deck!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(10)
There Is Good In Him/ I Can Save Him
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke's Lightsaber
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Your Insight Serves Well

Locations(6)
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Cloud City: Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Endor: Back Door
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94

Characters(19)
Captain Han Solo x2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Elmo x10
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Orrimaarko

Starships(2)
Millenium Falcon x2

Weapons(1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Interrupts(10)
Fallen Portal x2
Jedi Presence
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
Sense x3
The Signal x2

Effects(12)
I Hope She's All Right
Aim High
Bargaining Table
Honour Of The Jedi
Lightsaber Proficiency
Mantellian Savrip
Never Tell Me The Odds
Order To Engage
Squadron Assignments
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Wise Advice


Strategy: 

UPDATE:

OUT:
Nabrun Leids x2
Fallen Portal

In:
Aim High
I Hope Shes All Right
Sense


First off I'd just like to say that the destiny in the deck is awesome. There are only 6 0s in the the whole deck, 3 which can be pulled from reserve deck.

First turn move LS,JK to the DB. Deploy whatever sites you have, and one DB from rd. If youve got to 2 elmos deploy them both to an unoccupied DB. If they dont't have YCHF out, go ahead and insert Never Tell Me The Odds. Get scrubs to the DBs so youll be activating more force. Get your drain sites out, and start the beatin.

This is an offensive deck. Drain for what you can, and battle with the Elmos. ECC Lando rocks when on CC, because he adds a destiny with an Elmo. If it begins to be a drain race, well...youll probably win. Once you have 4 cards on I Feel the Conflict, if Luke is not a captive, Nabrun him to an imps site (preferably Vader), so you can end the game right there.

Cancel drains with Bargaing Table, beatdown with Elmos, and the mains. Fallen Portal and retard who battles you at a DB.

Against Space:
Drop Insight as soon as youve got Capt. Han or Falcon hand, and pull the other for a quick beatdown. Spread on ground to drain. Get Odds out ASAP, it will be crucial.

Against Ralops:
Heh Elmo bait from the beginning....the obj when on the 7 side hurts somewhat, so try to keep it on the 0 side. When on the 7 side, you can still drain 6 from your sites only. Beatdown on Ralltiir. Odds will help some, but not that big. However, getting Luke to an imps site is important. Winning 4 battles shouldnt be extremely hard, and there drains wont be too big.

Well thats most of the major decktypes....

Sorcerer's Apprentice
