---
layout: archive
author: ! Clint "GameMaster" Hays
title: ! "Got Evader"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-13
description: ! "this deck was a metagame choice for me at the nashville grand slam"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives(1)
Hidden Base

Locations(9)
rendezvous point
endor
indicator
yoda\'s hut
chirpa\'s hut
home one docking bya
home one war room
hoth docking bay
hoth war room

Characters(19)
obi wan x 3
jedi luke x 3
epp han
epp leia x 2
captain han
general lando
general crix madine
chewie of kashyyyk
tawws khaa
orrimaarko
melas
cracken
blount
beezer

Weapons(2)
obi\'s stick
luke\'s stick

Starships(5)
home one
spiral
tantive
millennium falcon x 2

Interrupts(11)
gift of the mentor
signal
heading for the frigate
sense x 5
alter x 3

Effects(13)
bacta tank
strike planning
insurrection
staging areas
order to engage
battle plan
honor of the jedi
revolution x 6'

Strategy: '

Wake up dumb@#$%s.  Just because decree is on the table doesnt mean it will be in effect.  Damn.  And when’s the last time anybody was seen playing evader?  Springtime maybe?  This deck is good because nobody is ready for it.

You’re not always revolving 2/0s.	Now you get to revolve a 3/0 docking bay.


get 2 generals before you activate.(this can be done twice for all you idiots out there who want to tell me i cant get them at the same time)

let me clarify the strategy section.  i cant tell you how to play against every single deck.  you have to play by feel.  you will generally react to what the opponent does.  that’s how this deck works.  they put stuff down you put more stuff down and beat it.  get it?

look for the docking bay not a system since you got a better chance of finding one.  get home one preferably.  if not hoth will do.  get endor if its there.  put crix to the docking bay and pull blount.

turn 2 get the other docking bay and get scouts each turn until there arent any.  try to back up crix with somebody.

i cant tell you how to play this deck against every other deck.  i havent done it myself.  just play it like any other yavin 4/revolution deck.  react when you have to.  if they get force choked put your guys down and drain.  '