---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: ! "X-wing Swarm - A New Way V3"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-02
description: ! "This may be the final version of this deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective Agents in The Court/No Love for the Empire

Locations (7)
JP Audience Chamber (S)
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route (S)
Home One Docking Bay
Kessel
Kiffex
Tatooine
Kasyyyhk

Characters (13)
Luke with Lightsaber
Boussh
TK-422
8D8
R-3PO
Artoo
Bantha Droid
Tanus Spijek
Bothan Spy x5

Starships (13)
X-wing x12
Red Leader in Red 1

Interrupts (13)
How Did We Get Into This Mess? x4
Heading for the Medical Frigate
All Wings Report In x2
Organized Attack x2
Transmission Terminated
Houjix
Hyper Escape
Rebel Barrier

Effects (11)
Rebel Fleet
S-foils
Yarna Dal Gal (S)
Insurrection (S)
What’re You Trying To Push On Us?
Wise Advice (S)
Aim High (S)
Order to Engage
Undercover x2
Bargaining Table

Devices/Weapons (2)
X-wing Laser Cannon x2	'

Strategy: '

This is the second revision of this deck. Tanus is the rep. He will make them think Eloms so it is good fake. The objective lets you start a immune to Alter Yarna to set up X-wing swarm but they will think aliens. You pull Home One Docking Bay, deploy a droid there, and start playing How Did We Get Into This Mess? to cycle through your deck. You get out a lone X-wing to either Kessel or Kiffex and when they get you play Hyper Escape, Rebel Barrier, or Houjix. You lock S-foils and deploy several X-wings and kill off your opponent. It can also shut down your opponent’s drains on the ground with Boussh, TK-422, and 2 Undercovers. You can also use Bargaining Table and Rebel Fleet. Aim High is for TIE decks and X-wing Laser Cannons are awesome vs bounty hunter ships. Basically you can cancel around 6 drains a turn if you are lucky and you can retrieve with All Wings Report In. Problems might be with heavy SAC, DS heavy space, and deck with undercover protection. I think I might change to a different objective.

Projections and It Could Be Worse have to go in some how, just have to find room for them.

Wedge231
http//tosche.swccgnews.com   '