---
author: Thomas "COTEB" Dowling
title: My Hidden Base is Kiffex
side: Light
date: 2000-10-21
description: Quick Activation, HB docking bays, getting some good drains on CC and yes some On The Edges/Off The Edges too.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 



Locations

	 1 Cloud City: Lower Corridor
	 1 Cloud City: Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
	 1 Dagobah
	 1 Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
	 1 Home One: Docking Bay
	 1 Home One: War Room
	 1 Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
	 1 Kiffex
	 1 Rendezvous Point

Characters

	 1 Admiral Ackbar
	 1 Chewie With Blaster Rifle
	 1 Colonel Cracken
	 1 First Officer Thaneespi
	 2 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
	 1 Lando With Blaster Pistol
	 2 Leia With Blaster Rifle
	 1 Lieutenant Blount
	 2 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
	 2 Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
	 1 Tycho Celchu
	 1 Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Starships

	 1 Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
	 1 Home One
	 1 Millennium Falcon

Interrupts

	 2 Clash Of Sabers
	 1 Don’t Get @#$%y
	 1 Fall Of The Legend
	 2 Fallen Portal
	 1 Gift Of The Mentor
	 1 Heading For The Medical Frigate
	 1 Houjix
	 2 It Could Be Worse
	 1 NOOOOOOOOOOOO!
	 2 Off The Edge
	 2 On The Edge
	 1 Rebel Barrier
	 1 Sorry About The Mess
	 1 Throw Me Another Charge
	 1 Tunnel Vision

Effects

	 1 Do, Or Do Not
	 1 Goo Nee Tay
	 1 Honor Of The Jedi
	 1 Insurrection
	 1 Lightsaber Proficiency
	 1 Mantellian Savrip
	 1 Staging Areas
	 1 Traffic Control
	 1 Your Insight Serves You Well


Weapons

	 1 Anakin’s Lightsaber
	 1 Luke’s Lightsaber

Objective

	 1 Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers


Strategy: 



Ok so you start HFTMF and Pull Staging Areas, Insurrection and Your Insight Serves You Well.

 First turn, first of all search for a docking bay first to make sure you’ll be able to find Dagobah and the Hut, so you don’t have to worry about having to let them varify.

 So you pull Home One Docking bay if you can Dagobah and the Hut. If you get a Docking Bay and Ackbar in your hand you’ll be getting atleast 12 force second turn unless Thespanni or the Echo DB isn’t in your reserve.


 From there you’ll want to get CC Lower Coridor out and drain in there and hold the Docking Bay as well if you can.


 Now for what to do against certain decks.


 Ral Ops
 You have two options either go to them and try to get to Raltiir with the Home One (if they use Rendilli with Mob Points then you can otherwise stick one of the spy pilots on the falcon then set yourself up there) Now if you get to the system your set drop your people from the ship down to Raltiir and then work from there. Or you can just let them be and try to outdrain them, your retrieval should be enough to keep you alive.

HDADTJ
They will come to you so play it out as you would setting up your activation and drains and let them come to you. Pull out Honour of the jedi as well.

BHBM

Same deal as with hunt down, as well try to avoid battling unless you know you can win. Use both On and Off The Edge to keep you afloat. You’ll eventually have to give Luke to Vader so once it gets to the point where he’s about to be Turned (if that happens) use NOOOOOOOOO! and making them have to go after Luke again will turn the game in your favour unless it’s going good for you already (or the situation is hopeless;p)


 So that’s pretty much it hopefully it will work for you like it has for me

 Tom "COTEB" Dowling
