---
layout: archive
author: ! Walter "Walter" Cowart
title: ! "Hunt Downers"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-24
description: ! "This is a HuntDown dueler w/docking bayand high destiny that Ive been using for quite a while.Though it's nothing totally new Ive won many games w/it so I thought Id post it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Hunt Down
Epic Duel

Location(6)
ExecutorMed.Chamber
ExecutorHolotheatre
Executordb
Coruscantdb
Death Stardb
Yavindb

Green(1)
Mara Jades LS

Blue(4)
Boba in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Bus
Death Squad.Star Destroyer

Characters(13)
Vader w/Stick x5
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Brangus Glee
Dengar w/gun
Dr.Evazan x2
Ig-88 w/gun

Effects(12)
Search and destroy
hell to pay
Oppressive Enforcement
Come here you big Coward
Secret Plans
Crush the Rebellion
Battle Order
I.A.O.
Security Precautions
Visage x3

Interrupts(22)
Monnok
Unexpected Interruption
Focused Attack x2
Sniper
You are beaten x2
Evader
I have you now
Shocking Rev.
Twilek x3
Shut him up or shut him down
Circle
Obsession
Put all Sections on alert x2
Masterful Move x2
Torture x2

'

Strategy: '

The basic strategy is to start Imperial Arrest
Order and pull out docking bays every turn.
Deploy vader to one thats a battle ground,flip,
and transit to one that's not(usually executor).
Now wait for him to do something.Visage will
eat him away(followed by Search and destroy)
until he deploys to flip my objective or uses
Trans.term.With 3 visages total and 2 masterful
moves visage should always be out(or on it's
way out untill he goes to the holotheatre w/guys.
Big Coward and PASOA should help stop that nonsense.Simple stuff right?

vs.Hidden Base(faulk/X-wing)
Against faulk style beat/duel his guys off sites
and kill w/Search+Destroy/Visage.You cant really
win in space too good so wait for him to flip
then reap the benifits of Security Precautions.
The bonuses of vader at the med.chamber w/Hunt
Down flipped is good also.
 Against x-wings do just about the same except you usually play faster since these decks dont
use too many characters.The ones they do use
are usually Luke or obi so you can duel them
away w/not too many worries.Mabye add Dengar in
his ship if you fear this alot.

vs.Speeder ops.
Many would think I would die to this but I dont.
Start B.O. and dont even deploy the dbs.Instead
use them w/brangus to retrieve key cards.Make
the farm home base(control it) and keep the
visage/drains on.Remember dengar can shoot the
speeders which is pretty awesome.

vs.profit
Forget the db's again and start crush w/mara
and evezan at the Audience room.Deploy vader
quickly and you now have a formidable force.
keep your guys at 1 site tearing down anything in
your path.Sniper has been enough for spies
so far but you could add nevar Yalnl(whatever).

vs.throne room mains
disadvantaged?Well your supposed to be but its
not really that bad.definately your hardest
to play against though.Revo is scarce around
here so I usually stay w/IAO.Its not like I
cant find crush fast if I need it.Its too hard
for me too sum up an exact strategy but I'll
say this.Never duel early.Wait until late
game to track high destiny and use it to seal
his fate.I playtest at least once a day against
this and my record is like 50-4.It can be done.

vs.MWYHL
I think these decks are ass and never have probs.
Search and destroy,big coward and the fact
he gives me 2 force at the beginning is just
a few reasons.Hit and run is probably the best
type and I always give it probs.

vs.uhhh...
 oddstorture x2(or 3,it fluctuates)
 Rescue th princess(ass)
 TosheEasier to beat than throne room.go to the
station.

Thats just about its.If you have any ?'s or
comments just send me a message.
Thanks for your time
Walter '