---
layout: archive
author: ! David "Mandalor2000" Sidhu
title: ! "EBOEveryone But Obi"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-20
description: ! "ANSB/EBO deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting4
A new Secret Base
The Signal
1st MArker
4th MArker

Charachters10
Captain Han Solo
Hobbie
Boshek
Princess Organa
Zev
Figrin D'an
Lieutenant Tarn Mison
Commander Wedge Antilles
Chewbacca
Comander Luke

Ships19
Lando in Falcon
Gold Squad Y-Wing x2
Coreelian Corvettex6
Spiral
Y-Wing x3
Tantive IV
Trderium
Medium Bulk Freighter x2
Redemption
Artoo in Red 5

Effects8
Haven
Goo Nee Tay
Docking and Repairs
Traffic Control
Kessel Run
Echo Base Garrison
EBO
Reflection

Interupts8
Full Throtle
The Signal x3
IT Could Be Worse x3
Darklighter Spin

Sites11
Hoth
Kiffex
Rendevouz Point
Tatooine
Yavin 4
Coruscant
Kessel
Echo Comman Center
Echo Corridor
Echo Med Lab
Echo Docking Bay'

Strategy: '

Okay ladies ang Gentlemen, first proirity is to get EBO dropped.  Pull the necersairy sites (try to stay away from the docking bay 'cause they'll come invading), echo garrison, EBo and the rouge pilots(with E Garrison).  Drop one rouge pilot at each echo site to get EBO out fast.	Once this is done pull the pilots into the avaialable shps (thats why the Y-Wings are there).

Once this is done go into space.  You can pull the needed systems with ANSB and put a reasonable space force at each.  Remember  EBO gives you a bonous.  Even if you only get to three systems you'll still be draining for 9-14.  Try to get to more though.

Now IF they cancel your modifiers get as many systems down as possible and drain at each for still a reasonable amount.  If they come to Hoth you have a reasonable force (every main but Obi-Wan -) to stop them from about one or two sites.

If you do not need the ground force I made sure each adds 2 or three to power, unless they are in for a different reason (eg.Figrin D'an or Princess Organa) so they'll help out in space.

Now for those ards that give you the extra...UMPH.
Use Da Princess to pull Reflection for retrieval.
It could be Worse will stop some of those ground drains.  Use the Signals to get out some of those key effects such as Goo Nee TAy or Haven.  Try to Kessel Run as much as possible.

The Effects...
Deploy Haven to Rendevouz points so Corvettes deploy Free there.  Goo Nee Tay to either slow down their ground drains or their invasion fo Hoth.
Docking and Repairs Facility Will help your ships  come back if defeated.

Possible ways to take this deck...
Add a Mon Mothma to subtract from their Drains.  A restricted Deployment to slow 'em down.  Maybe add some more Hoth sites, T-47s and t-47 Battle Formation.  Moght wanna go with X-Wings and Organized Attacks.

Against the Decks
HDADTJAdd a transmission Terminated to delete those fast drains from Visage that might place some of those key effects in the lost pile early.
If they are hunting down don't give 'em anything to hunt down against
ROPSInperial Decree Will Hurt.  Should use all of your ground force to cancel it.
TDIGWATTGo to Besipn and C City (with ships) so they can't get occupation or Dark Deal out.
Set Your Course for AldyBattle 'em in spac eso they can't utilize the drain bonouses.

May da farce be wit y'all
'