---
layout: archive
author: ! Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: ! "Hunt Down  Done Differently"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-24
description: ! "A Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi deck that relies more on smart playing than on simple beatdown."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Locations (10)
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Coruscant
Death Star
Endor Forest Clearing
Cloud City Landing Platform 327
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Hoth Echo Command Center x2

Characters (16)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Dark Vader x3
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Bossk With Mortar Gun
IG-88 With Riot Gun x2
Commander Igar
Officer Evax
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Lt. Pol Treidum
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

Weapons (3)
Vader's Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Vehicles/Starships (5)
Tempest 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave I
Executor
Death Squadron Star Destroyer

Interrupts (11)
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Torture x3
You Are Beaten
Alter x2
Monnok x2

Effects (14)
Secret Plans
Come Here You Big Coward
Responsibility Of Command x2
Reactor Terminal
A Bright Center To The Universe
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Visage Of The Emperor x2
Security Precautions
Battle Order
Crush The Rebellion
Presence Of The Force
'

Strategy: '

This deck is pretty close to your basic Hunt Down deck, but it&#8217;s got some definite quirks. The obvious is that there are a lot of effects ---14 to be precise. Furthermore, you may have noticed in that list that there are two copies of Responsibility Of Command in the deck. This card is restrictive in where it can be played, only onto a war room at a Rebel Base. It is able to target virtually any major Rebel. Your opponent then cannot Force Drain or battle at the targeted character&#8217;s location. It&#8217;s extremely important to remember here that this then cancels that location as a battleground. Think about all the different ways that could be abused easily. Plus, once you&#8217;ve deployed IAO (hopefully as the start), there is no way to get to the war room save the LS deploying their own copy of the Echo Docking Bay to transit over. Seeing as this probably won&#8217;t happen, it&#8217;s safe to say RAC won&#8217;t be leaving any time soon.

Of course, to flip the objective, both Luke and Obi have to not be present at a battleground. Targeting one with RAC will do half the job. That&#8217;s where the 2 Iggys and Bossk come in. Track a draw, come down with one or the other, and capture the dude.

A breakdown against various decks


MWYHL/Mains Start IAO, deploy the docking bay and drop Vader as soon as possible, preferably with stick. Twi&#8217;lek for Crush (Note Do not Twi&#8217;lek for RAC before they&#8217;ve deployed Luke/Obi. Surprise helps out a lot here). That way, Clashes are eliminated and a massive destiny-adder beatdown is taken out of  the situation. Fight them out, capture Luke/Obi when possible and anybody else you feel like when it isn&#8217;t. This would do a number on the Super Falcon MWYHL decks, since a capture/RAC of Obi, Luke sitting on Dagobah,  would mean that the Super Falcon would become defunct. If Obi were captured, RAC would be deployed targeted Captain Solo. This, combined with CHYBC, would hit hard to the possibility of retreival.


Profit Don&#8217;t deploy ANYTHING to Tatooine, save a possible Iggy to shoot Han, Luke, or Ben. Deploy Vader to the Platform, and Crush would be welcome. RAC Han/Luke/Ben (Ben if he&#8217;s with Han, Luke if with Han, Han if Han is with other crap that could take a while to go through), capture when possible. Do your best to stop the retreival, but don&#8217;t obsess on it. Once they&#8217;ve flipped, Battle Order would be useful, since most Profit decks don&#8217;t do especially well in activation. Then again, if you shoot Han with Iggy, Battle Order won&#8217;t even be necessary then, would it?

Hidden Base
The ground attack version of HB would be by far the most difficult match-up for this deck. A key weakness in this deck is the number of characters. Just try to keep your stuff alive, RAC onto Captain Solo if he makes an appearance(read OMDH). Between Iggy, Bossk, and RAC, the landscape can change very quickly, so don&#8217;t despair. IAO is the start, Twi&#8217;lek for Security Precautions if it looks like a serious HB. Numbers, I wouldn&#8217;t be as worried about, seeing as the 3 Tortures are in there to do something. RAC onto Wedge or Toryn Farr, since they&#8217;ll probably be seen. If you suspect an oncoming kamikaze, Monnok lost to see what&#8217;s going on, and put Iggy with your weaker force. Also, if Rebel Fleet is deployed, use a Alter to get rid of it, that card is a royal pain.


Ops

Death Star/Coruscant are in here for generation and for ABCTTU, so draw until you find &#8216;em. Start POTF if necessary to generate the force to deploy Vader first turn. Be wary of LiTW, a Sense or two would be an ideal addition if you&#8217;re worried. If they deploy Luke onto a speeder to re-flip you, draw until you have the Command Center and RAC him. Problem solved. Clashing the Presence would hurt, but Crush would probably not be worth the trouble deploying, unless you need insurance to keep Battle Order in effect.


Force Choke/Anything I&#8217;ll be frank, if you see Revo, this version of the deck would probably be bounced around, opening hand Death Star not assumed. Of course, it&#8217;s not too difficult to substitute for a couple of Evaders. If it&#8217;s just &#8220;No force for you&#8221; force choke, then you should manage. If you see Harvest, go capture Ben, RAC somebody when possible. IAO start for the docking bay would be a good idea, seeing as a Force Choke almost certainly has Clash in there for one reason or another, in this case for a Presence.


It might not be the most effective deck ever made, but played right, it can cause major disruption in plenty of strategies. Just set up, don&#8217;t forget to track draws, and try to keep a Twi&#8217;lek in hand to respond to your opponent&#8217;s actions.
'