---
layout: archive
author: ! Mark "Rogue Nine" Balderston
title: ! "This Deal Musicians and BH s rock"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-09
description: ! "This Deal is Getting worse all the time Musicians and Bounty Hunters.  Huge Drains, great offense, and fun too"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
This Deal is Getting Worse all the Tims/Pray I don't Alter it any Further

Locations (10)
Bespin
CloudCity
Carbonite Chamber
Downtown Plaza
Incinerator
Interrogation Room
Lower Corridor
Port Town District
Upper Walkway
West Gallery

Characters (21)
Ak-rev x 2
Aqualish
Bane Malar
Boba Fett w/ gun
Bossk w/gun
Cmdr. Gherant
Darth Vader w/stick
Dengar w/ gun
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 w/ gun
lyn Me
Mosep
Myo
Nizuc Bek
Rappertunie
Rystall
Sergeant Merril
Umpass-Stay
Zuckuss

Vehicles (4)
Combat Cloud Car x4

Starships (6)
Devastator
Dreadnaught x2
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (11)
Elis Helrot x3
Ghhhk
Hutt Smoooch
Oota-Goota, Solo?
Sacrifice x2
Shattered Hope
Those Rebels Won't Escape us
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (7)
All Wrapped Up
Cloud City Occupation
Dark Deal
Expand the Empire
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
'

Strategy: '

This is probably one of only a few Dark Deal decks that doesn't use Sabacc manip.	The key to this deck is Port Town District.  Start that w/ Expand the Empire on it for awesome alien bonuses and force drain bonuses all over Cloud City.

The musicians are just awesome. Lyn Me can usually subtract 4 or 5 from your opponents power, Umpass-Stay makes them all huge power.  Rappertunie can make a character power 0 and w/ Rystall you even retrieve when you deploy them.  I like to deploy them in a group and Elis Helrot them around for a musician beatdown.  Spread out and drain w/ everyone else, you can make them lose 15 or more a turn w/ Dark Deal and Cloud City Occupation.  The Sacrifices work well against Enhanced characters or when you haven't got a Ghhk or something else.	The combat cloud cars are enough to hold Cloud City, and there is definitely enough ships to hold Bespin or keep them away from Coruscant if they have it.

Against EBO Drain wars, draw a lot in the beginning and set up fast.

Against Profit Start Ak-Rev and Rystall at the AC, then go for musician madnessYou can have Umpass-Stay and Lyn Me there by turn 3 and they will have a very hard time beating you in battles.

Against Mains Take your time. make sure you keep a Ghhk or Sacrifice or Elis Helrot in your hand.  Wait until you have plenty of guys to set up Dark Deal, then drain to death.

Against Ops practically same as EBO
'