---
author: Hartman "Moff Hart" Andersen
title: Eyes in the Dark on Cloud City
side: Light
date: 2000-08-13
description: Cloud Cars with drains from reserve deck in the dark.....makes for some fun.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(5)
Quiet Mining Colony/Independant Operation
Bespin
Cloud City: Guest Quarters
The Signal
Maneuvering Flaps

Locations(7)
Bespin:Cloud City
Clouds x3
Cloud City:Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Platform 327

Characters(21)
Luke Skywalker
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Kebyc x2
Tibana Gas Miner x4
Pucumir Thryss x2
Wedge Antilles
Yoxgit
Leslomy Tacoma
Sergeant Edian
H'nemthe x2
ASP-707

Starships(6)
Z-95 Bespin Defense fighter
Millenium Falcon
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1
Spiral
R2D2 in Red 5

Combat Vehicles(10)
Cloud Car x10

Device(1)
Landing Claw

Interrupts(6)
The Signal x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Local Defense x2

Effects(5)
Eyes in the Dark x2
Bargaining Table
Scramble
Cloud City Celebration

Strategy: 

I made a mistake....I cannot drain for more than 1 on Cloud City unless I have the objective flipped.  That means that I should definitely want to be able to control Bespin.  I will have to put in some big guns like Home 1 and others to control Bespin....I'll have to post another deck with the changes.....
___________________________________________________________
Straight Clouds....Not too many people are equipped to go up against the clouds.  This is a post DSII deck without the DSII cards to show.  Why?  I don't know.  If you have any ideas of what DSII cards to put in to enhance, let me know.  Don't rate this badly because of the lack of DSII cards, though, until you read the strategy.

I start with the Objective, Bespin and Guest Quarters.	Why?  The Guest Quarters can be the place to put the miners, Kebyc, and some tough cards for protection: Obi, Chewie, etc.  I start with The Signal and Maneuvering Flaps so that you can tear them apart with cloud cars if they try to disrupt.  Is there a better effect to start....?  Let me know.

Use the Objective to get your locations out of the Reserve deck...clouds, sites.  Use your other Signals to pull out Eyes in the Dark.	This is more of a joke than anything, although it can really strike fear and bewilder your opponent.  Deploy beside the Dark Side's Lost Pile.  That pile is turned face down.  Cards from their Life Force may not be viewed when they are lost.  This will frustrate them like crazy.  With Gas miners, you'll be draining for two at each cloud sector, then with Kebyc, they'll have to lose from the reserve deck.  They are in the dark as to what they are losing.  They could lose the coolest cards and not even know it.  You could be draining for 8 in the clouds and they must lose from reserve deck.	They'll get mad and try to deploy their ties or bounty hunter ships to combat you.  They will lose big time because they are on your turf.  The Cloud Cars can take over.  Put some good pilots on the cars to hurt some more, along with Maneuvering Flaps.  Your Cars are Power and Forfeit +2.  I would say to really only watch out for Zuckuss.  Get rid of him with a total ability of 7 or more.

You're thinking about how can I take care of the Bespin System?  Use the Landing Claw.  You don't really need to flip the objective to get the job done...so don't sweat it too bad if they overtake the system.  If they overpower you there, just let them have it and keep draining/battling in the clouds.  They cannot follow with the big blue...

Some card choices....

H'nemthe is good as a non-unique alien to put on Bargaining table.  They also pilot cloud cars and add to deploy cost of male imperials at same or adjacent site.

Local Defense--pull out some cloud cars or add battle destiny.

ASP-707--I would like to have another in the deck for ground beat-downs with cloud cars (deploy -1).  It makes a good combo with Maneuvering Flaps.  Also, use it to put cloud cars back in Life Force near the end of the game for more differential.

Sergeant Edian and Yoxgit--Cheap deploy and good power for cloud city sites.

Pucumire Thryss--extra force drain on CC sites.

Let me know what you think.  So far, this has overwhelmed my two opponents that I have played.	I would like to see how it would do against different popular decks.  How could I bring this up against RalOps or others?  Any additions needed?   