---
layout: archive
author: ! Todd "ChessMaster" Vandewalker
title: ! "Wake Up"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-06
description: ! "This deck uses Hidden Base and Docking Bays for huge activation and retrieval."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hidden Base

Locations (10)
Alderran
Cloud City Platform 327
Correlia (HB)
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Home One Docking Bay
Hoth Docking Bay
Rendezvous Point
Tattoine
Tattoine Docking Bay 94

Characters (15)
Ben Kenobi x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Chewbacca
Leia With Blaster x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Melas
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoda

Starships (7)
Home One
Independence
Liberty
Millenium Falcon x2
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (9)
Clash Of Sabers x2
Fallen Portal x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Rebel Barrier x2
The Signal x2

Effects (14)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Honor Of The Jedi
Insurrection
Legendary Starfighter
Mantellian Savrip
Menace Fades
Order To Engage
Our Most Desperate Hour x2
Staging Areas
What're You Trying To Push On Us?
Wise Advice

Weapons (4)
Luke's Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2'

Strategy: '

Update (1)
A few of you have commented that I need a couple more characters. If you really feel that this is a problem, add guys like Wedge Antilles or the new DS2 Wedge (he will add to your OMDH retrieval as well). A couple other good characters would be First Officer Thaneespi and Admiral Ackbar. Just suggestions..



I usually start Staging Areas, Insurrection, and Wise Advice. This allows you to pull a Docking Bay each turn and it keeps your much needed effects alive. First turn, pull Dagobah and get the Hut and also pull the Home One Docking Bay or the Tattoine Docking Bay (to deploy Ben there). Do this every turn until your out for mad activation. Then just drop your mains and ships and battle and drain as neccesary. Use Draw Their Fire and Our Most Desperate Hour to retrieve. You can pull Tattoine and Alderran with the obj. Fallen Portal can be huge with a tracked 6. Rebel Barrier/Clash Of Sabers with Order To Engage out is just wrong. Now on to strategy against certain types of decks.

Against BHBM
This is a tough matchup, but one that you can win. Honor Of The Jedi is very important. I am actually considering putting in Your Insight Serves You Well so you can start with it against BHBM to pull HOTJ. I play this deck differently depending on my opponent. You can either give them Luke and not let them win many battles or you can get HOTJ and have Luke somewhere else. Completely up to you. If you play smart, you can win this game with your retrieval and drains.

Against ROPS
Try to occupy Ralltiir early. It is possible with all your activation. Order To Engage will play a large role if you can keep it on table. Fallen Portal and Clash as needed. Bring the Super Falcon over to Ralltir along with another ship and that should prevent them from flipping. Just drain where you can and let your effects win the game for you.

Against TIES
Get your grabber as quickly as possible for All Power To Weapons. Get out your Super Falcon backed up with Savrip and Bacta Tank on table. The average destiny in this deck is fairly high so they will start losing ties. Grab All Power To Weapons and drain on the ground with Obi, Tawss, and Orrimaarko. This can be a long game, but you can win if you play smart.

Against Court
Should be a pretty easy matchup. Get our your ships and mains and beatdown and drain. Track a destiny and Fallen Portal the Rancor (if needed). Drain in space and retrieve as neccesary. Should be an easy win.

Those are the main DS decks floating around right now. Please let me know if I have left out anything. Feel free to leave comments/suggestions.
Thanks '