---
layout: archive
author: ! Lee "pyro_ostrich" Fisk
title: ! "My final Endor OPS deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-17
description: ! "Okay this is the seventh version of this deck that i made.  it looks like the best so far."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (normal)
Endor Ops/imperial Outpost
Endor
EBunker
Edocking bay
Twi'Lek
Perimeter Patrol

Locations
Death Star
Back Door
Dark Forest
2xForest Clearing
Courusant
Kiffix
Kysshhyk

Starships
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Tyrant
Dreadnaught
Devastator
Avenger
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Executor

Characters
Trooper Fenson
Cabbel
Ephant Mon
Piett
DS-61-3
Arnet
3xAT-ST pilot
Grand Moff tarkin
Darth vader,Dark Lord of Sith
Lennox
Mara Jade

Effects
Closed Door
Security Precautions
Emoires New Order
There is No Try
Lateral Damage
A Bright Center...
resistence
IAO
Bad Feeling have i
Dark Waters
First Strike
Secret Plans
Ominous Rumors
Establish Secret Base

Vehicles
4xTempest Scouts
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2

Creature
Bubo

Interrupts
Monnok
Point man
Tarkins Orders
Those rebels Won't escape us '

Strategy: '

Oopps...  I meant to put in Yaven Yanal (the guy who kills spys,interrupt) in place of Closed  Door.




Okay this is basically the same as the rest of them.  Normally start with what i said to.

I added more AT-St's and some more operative counter (Empires New Order).

Drak Waters= force drain -1

Point Man= cancels everything that can hurt this deck.

the extra endor site= better chance of flipping quick.

Ephant Mon= no spies at bunker.

Fenson + Bad feeling= +4 deploy to Endor.

I put DS-61-3 in for Motti (because he's power=3 and adds 3 to power of whatever.)

Start Security Precautions aganst Hidden Base.

Start Secret Plans against Rescue the Princess and Profit (unless worried about a beatdown on endor)

Yavin Yanal + MaraJade= extra spy protection.

Tarkins Orders= cancels a force drain.

Basically force drain like hell and try to keep a strong garrison at the sites and systems.

That about covers the new stuff and some combos and some old stuff.  Let me know what you think.


'