---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Luckywild" Damboise
title: ! "Profit/Numbers"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-20
description: ! "Speed Profit that deals dammage VIA numbers"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Profit/Destroyed
Ut-oh
Wise Advice
Do or Do Not
JP Audience Chamber
Tat JP
Heading for the Medical

Locations(5)
Rendezvous Point
Yoda’s Hut
Home One War Room
Kessle
Coruscant

Characters(24)
Leesub Sirln
Wioslea
Artoo x3
8D8 x2
Wedge
EPP Luke x4
EPP OBi-Wan x4
Jedi Pack Han
Chewbacca
Melas
Tawass Khaa
Orrimaako
BoSheck
Boussh
Jeroen Webb

Ships(4)
Lando In Falcon
Home One
Redemtion
Liberity

Interrupts(10)
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x5
The Signal x5
Doubel Agent
Effective Repairs

Effects(10)
Order to Engage x2
Bacta Tank
Bo Shuda
A Gift
Never Tell Me The Odds x4 '

Strategy: '

The only Glaring Weakness of this deck is The Bullet, the card that kills Numbers.  However if you play it right you can bluff them into throwing it in the first couple of turns.  Take it slow and try not to lose off the top early rather throw something from ur hand that you can retrive and use later.  Once the Bullet is no longer on the Table then you can get numbers rolling.  Get Bo Shuda w/the Audience Chambers gametext and put that into play. Then use YWTMTJN to get Wioslea into the Audience Chamber, then use the remaing force to get NTMTO (should be easy to get w/5 Signals and 4 copys of NTMTO).  Once you have inserted your opponet use the next few turns to get R2, 8D8 or Leesub into play to increae the damage numbers will do, also get OTE into play to make sure that ur oppents are going to pay for trying to keep you from freeing Han.  Once you have Numbers all set up feel free to grab some of the systems and do some draining w/the larger ships.  Note that the ships are the only cards with high deploy everything else in the deck can run off the Inital five force from turn one. Use the mains as Drop and Die the Destines are so high in the deck don’t b afraid to go after anything even the emperor is an easy target since 1/4 of ur deck is destiny 5 or greater.  The four lukes and Obi’s are there so you keep tossin them out.  Get Bacta tank when you find the time, that makes those Drop and Die mains a real pain in the ass.  Freeing Han is kind of an Art, remeber you can do it ANY TIME (assuming they are not in the Audience Chamber sucking up the three points a turn) that means during ur oppents turn too.  So when you feel like ur deck is getting low or ur u just lost a nessecary card free Han and get it back.  Once han is free ur Numbers Value will drop as much as 4 but don’t stop inserting, keep the pressure on and force him to lose more force.  I have made people lose 16 force second turn in this so for all of you out there who are wondering ’is this deck fast enough?’ let me put ur fear at rest.  BHBM will stand up to the numbers in the Beginning so find Webb and go take it to the emperor and knock away that pesky destiny 6.  Finaly don’t forget about Double Agent I can’t tell you how many times I have used that to jump to an early lead.  Many people start w/Mara and Dr. E in the Audience Chamber and then move out to establish an Early Drain.  If you can get R2 and toss a Gift on him, move him out and Double Agent Mara, then beat the piss out of his lone Dr E.  Drop luke or Obi, hit E and draw Destiny.  I can’t tell yhou how funy it is to watch a persons face as they lose 9 cards plus the character on the third turn.  The deck has potential and has never failed me aginst the best Albany has to Offer (the Twiggs, The Sokol’s, Chu) so try it out and have fun. '