---
layout: archive
author: ! David "Wedge659" Marincic
title: ! "Set Your Course For Endor v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-24
description: ! "Huge early activation lets you set your forces up quickly for heavy Force drains/direct damage."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Opressive Enforcement
Secret Plans

Locations (8)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Control Room 327
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Executor Docking Bay

Characters (14)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Captain Godherdt
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
General Tagge
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Starships (6)
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Effects (9)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force x2
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts (8)
Imperial Command x4
Trample x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2

Admiral's Orders (2)
We're In Attack Position Now x2'

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING

First off, I'd like to thank those who reviewed the first version of this deck.  Most of the comments were quite helpful, and I took some of your suggestions exactly for this version.  Since the first version, I added an extra Imperial Command, another Trample, a Dune Walker, Chimaera, and ECC 4-LOM and removed some cards that I found to be unneccesary.  On to the strategy

For those of you who didn't see the first deck, I use SYCFA instead of Endor Ops for a couple of reasons.  First, the generation is just as good for you, and you don't give away as many icons to your opponent.  Second, Revolution can't touch you.  Third, your battle damage at the Death Star is canceled...this is often overlooked but can be extraordinarily helpful for setting up Resistance, Mobilization Points, Battle Order, etc.  Also, this start is far quicker since the Control Room lets you pull all your docking bays in one turn.  Finally, the drains in this deck are more likely to be successful against testing and Menace Fades because I don't rely on bonuses as much (like Oppressive Enforcement for EOps).

Against most decks, Secret Plans is a good start, but not always.  If your opponent is playing EBO, start Resistance.  If he's running operatives, start Battle Order.  That said, you're ready to play.  The first turn usually goes something like this you search your deck for the Docking Control Room, deploy it and an Imperial to it (if you don't draw a cheap character for this, odds are you can fetch one with Imperial Command).  Then dump as many docking bays as you can.	If you don't draw Executor and you see it in your Reserve, grab it with Mobilization Points.  Move the scrub over to the Death Star's docking bay (remember, your objective protects against battle damage there) for added activation next turn.  This is a decent start with this deck.  Even better is if you draw an Endor location or two.  One tip, however; if you draw Endor first turn, don't deploy it  Part of the early advantage you should have with this deck is generation, and by giving your opponent two icons right away you lose some of that advantage.  Most of the time it's better to wait and deploy Endor when you have the Executor ready to control it so that your opponent isn't getting an extra couple of Force right away for retaliation.  After turn one, you'll be generating a minimum of 8-10 Force, plus whatever your opponent gives you assuming you don't have terrible luck (activating the Control Room or a bunch of the bays or not drawing any characters, for example).

In most games, you'll be able to get Endor out with the Executor guarding it by turn 3.  I've gotten it out as early as turn 2, but that's pretty rare.  Imperial Command can get 5 of the characters in this deck, and Piett in turn can pull the AO or one of the two Commanders, so a lot of the cards help speed you up significantly.  You'll want to get Chiraneau on the Executor as soon as you can to take advantage of his text.	On the ground, you have some excellent drain sites and a force of powerful characters and vehicles to garrison it with.  With the AO out, you'll be doing quite a lot of damage very quickly.	There are 4 characters that cause the 'occupation' text in the AO to work, and 2 of them can be pulled by Imperial Command (I just love that card).	We're In Attack Position Now is a monster in this deck.  Not only is it an occupation that your opponent can't cancel (unless of course he has his own AO's), but with it out 2 of your 3 Admirals deploy for free in space, and Chiraneau only costs one, so it imhances the speed of the deck as well.  You should have no trouble occupying 3 battlegrounds, so Honor won't stop the AO and Resistance can prevent massive losses from inserts and drains.  Remember, if you're having trouble holding on to battlegrounds, the Death Star docking bay is a no-risk site that satisfies the requirements...if you get beaten down, you won't lose anything but the character and it enhances your generation while you're there  Basically, once you're set up you just need to react to what your opponent does...but if he doesn't come to you, he's going to be hurting pretty quickly.

The activation is only part of the speed factor...the other part is the ability to fetch what you need.  I've already talked about Imperial Command, but Piett, Merrejk, and the Twi'leks also can get crucial elements of the deck into play.  Presence Of The Force is such a versatile card (and oft unused, at least nowadays); it can increase your generation, add to your drains without being a 'bonus' so it's Test 1- and Menace Fades-proof, and can be a very unpleasant surprise for an opponent's characters hiding out at a 'safe' twix site.  There are two other spies in the deck (Merrejk and Mara), so there aren't a whole lot of safe havens for the Light Side anymore  And remember, anything that keeps your opponent off-balance can slow him down, increasing the speed advantage

I've tried to add counters to most of the strategies that could hurt this deck the most.  CHYBG hurts non-interactive decks and trainers.  The grabber and Oppressive is all I have for anti-SAC since I don't see much of that around here (if it's popular in your area, you can adjust the deck accordingly), but it's pretty versatile since I can grab other annoying interrupts if need be and Oppressive makes the capitals destiny 2.  The walkers and Tramples are there to protect against Elom beats...it isn't a cure-all, but Trampling an Elom isn't very difficult.  I put in the Dune Walker instead of a higher-powered walker because it already has a permanent pilot, so it's more versatile.  Igar works his magic on it, as well, so it's pretty good.  I have a decent amount of ships because EBO is fairly popular and I need to hold Endor...plus, if they spread out I can attack at the weakest point and often cause some damage.	Chimaera is awesome, especially with We're In Attack Position Now out...immunity to attrition < 7, anyone?  Lord Vader is in there because Fury is that powerful and training is coming back.	Presence is added draining without vulnerability to Menace and Test 1.	Imperial Command hurts the super-Falcon and EPP beats (and is the reason Tagge is in the deck, as well).  There's 4 in the deck because 1) it's just that damn good, and 2) any opponent with a grabber and a brain will take this card once he figures out what you're doing, so you need to know that it can still pop if it's grabbed early.  4-LOM further hampers the EPP threat and is a destiny 3 character...bonus  Godherdt is just awesome.  If you don't know why he's in here, read his card...he's a Homing Beacon that adds to power, armor, and hyperspeed...great googily-moogily.  Most of the cards are pretty obvious once you play the deck a couple times, but you'll obviously have to adjust things to fit your meta and playstyle if you want to build a deck like this.

That's the basics to playing the deck.  I absolutely love playing with it...it's a lot of fun and the style is...well, it's ME, that's all I can say.  I've had a lot of success with this deck, and although it's certainly not the most powerful out there, it's unexpected and it fits me like a glove, increasing the success rate.	Hopefully this will give you some ideas, but be sure to tinker with it and practice with it if you decide to use it.  The better you know it and the more closely it fits YOUR style, the more success you'll have.  If you have any suggestions or comments, I'd love to hear them (either put them in the review or d-mail me).  Thanks for reading, and good luck '