---
layout: archive
author: ! Charlie "CommieBoy" Herren
title: ! "Moe  Larry  Curly  and 25 of their closest friends (Profit)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-15
description: ! "The profit deck that I have been using for a couple of months now. Quite powerful and quite fun."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
You Can Either Profit By This...

Locations(7)
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Cantina x2
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut

Characters(28)
Elom x7
Bomarr Monk x2
EPP Han x3
Ben Kenobi x3
Master Luke x3
EPP Leia
Boussh
Yoxgit
Bothan Spy
Hnmenthe
Tessek
Corporal Beezer
Chewbacca
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Harc Seff

Weapons(3)
Obi-Wans Lightsaber
Lukes Lightsaber
Anakins Lightsaber

Interrupts(17)
The Signal
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Gift of the Mentor x3
Alter x2
Sense x3
Its a Trap
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Someone Who Loves You
Weapon Levitation

Effects(5)
Goo Nee Tay
What’re You Tryin to Push on Us?
Order to Engage
Honor of the Jedi
Bargaining Table '

Strategy: '

This is the deck that I used at the Nashville GS, and I have been playing it on and off since early July.

Why do I not start three effects?
There are no 3 effects that I can start with that would help this deck tremendously. Insurrection/Staging Areas is nice, but that would require me to waste characters in docking bays.
Against most decks, start Goo Nee Tay. Against TIEs or Endor Ops, start Bargaining Table.

Why are there 3 Gift of the Mentor?
If you get a Gift in the opening hand or draw one early, you can use it, then retrieve it when you free Han. One of each stick along with 4 ways to go get sticks has proven effective for me. There is a Yoxgit to help you get the sabers back, which keep them around.

Wioslea is in as anti-U3PO and possibly anti-4LOM.

Here is how some of the matchups run down

vs. TIEs
A bit tough, but with Bargaining Table and Tessek, you can overrun a TIE deck with drains of 3-4 and Profit loss. Get out Tessek ASAP, and use Gift of the Mentor/Weapon Lev to fish out your sabers.

vs. Court flip
The toughest matchup for this deck. The key is getting Ben and Luke together, and making sure you kill off 4LOM. If you can keep plowing through their bounty hunters, then you can eventually free Han. There is also a Someone Who Loves You in here, so do not be quick to deploy Leia somewhere else. If you expect lots of court flip, add another signal, since Order to Engage and the catch card will be vital. Altering Scum
is key as well (if you can do that).

vs. other Scum decks
Not quite as tough as court flip. Without the threat of your mains getting captured, you can abuse Ben Kenobi revival text. Again, it is all about freeing Han. Sense any None Shall P@#$% and Alter Scum if at all possible. Lando with Gun is a big @#$%et here, since he cannot be None Shall P@#$%ed, and he is not affected by No Bargain. You Will Take Me to Jabba Now can be big, too, since it acts as a used Path of Least Resistance, transporting one character to Jabba-s site.

vs. Bring Him Before Me
Not a tough matchup. Keep Luke alone at all costs. Do NOT free Han with Luke. You are asking to lose the game. An optimal first turn would be pulling Luke from reserve and dropping him to JP and freeing Han with either Ben or the Hnmenthe (there are 2 Nar Shaddas in the deck). Giving Luke his saber will help tremendously, since the opponent will be forced to deal with him. Get Luke into the Cantina as soon as you draw it (first turn if possible).

vs. ROps
Hah Eloms, high drain potential, and speed means that ROps loses to this deck horribly. For those who like Mobilization Points, you can wreck their guys at Docking Bays using Eloms or an EPP. Once you flip, use your m@#$%ive alien contingent to raid Ralltir and beat the @#$% out of whatever you can.

vs. HuntDown
Not quite as tough as it used to be. If they are duelling, try to keep Luke away from Vader. Hold your senses for duel cards. You can beat Vader down with a couple of eloms if they did not save force. If they’re not duelling, then fortify where you’re draining and use Senses for You Are Beaten. Start Honor of the Jedi if you feel the need.

Anyway, here it is.. have fun with it.
Charlie "Bad Player" Herren '