---
author: brad "swccguy" eier
title: Wow...never seen this deck before
side: Light
date: 2000-12-19
description: new-age pile
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (9)
Yavin 4 Throne Room
Hoth Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Rezendevous Point
Yoda’s Hut
Home One War Room
Hoth War Room
Kessel

Characters(18)
Jedi Luke x 2
Master Luke
Ben Kenobi x 2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Epp Leia
Boussh
Epp Han x 2
Lando With Vibrator
Orrimaarko
Admiral Ackbar
Major Hasshn
First Officer Thanespei
Tawass Khaa
KFC
Lt. Blount

Ships (3)
Home One
Liberty
Independence

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Ackbar’s Order (1)
I’ll Take The Leader

Interrupts (17)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Sense x 3
Alter x 2
Fallen Portal x 2
Tunnel Vision x 2
Choke x 2
Courage Of A Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Weapon Levitation
Clash Of Sabers
Balanced Attack

Effects (10)
Your Insight Serves You Well
Insurrection
Staging Areas
I Hope She’s Allright
Wise Advice
Launching The Assult
Order To Engage
What Are You Trying To Push On Us
Battle Plan
Honor Of The Jedi




Strategy: 

well everyone posts their version, this is mine.

start: usually i start the throne room. in general i use heading for the frigate to get out some effects. most of the time i play staging areas, insurrection and insight. if you suspect sac change insight to wise advice. or whyat the hell just play smart and start whatever is the best to counter the opponent.

get out sites, put scrubs at db’s for force, fight or drain on ground or air, and win.

ok why dont i use-
gooneetay-its not needed...dark deck activate enoughh force to get by it...and they use mob points with 2/2 scrubs, not vader or jabba...

trans terminated-well you got honor... and spies...and choke!! its cool

chewie-didnt have room

now, why do i use?-
choke-it rules. good vs any deck with alien... hmm thats cout,mkos,sycfa/scum,some hdadtj,some bhbm, and more...

honor-well not alot of people use no escape yet

i hope she allright-well i only have 1 bg site, but look at it this way: you only use it vs space decks, and the only space decks are endor op and sycfa, and both of them give you the 2nd bg site you need.

master luke, old school obi- well they are better vs mkos (get rid of the rep) and other decks. i still play ben and jedi luke tho, they are ok at
the duel vs hd.

balanced attack- grab ackbar, or obiwan.

the ao- it hurts tie decks and can be pulled by ackbar.

matchups:
ties-get the home 1 (by launching the assult, which can be gotten by insight). set up i hope shes allright. drain on ground with sabers. fight in space with loaded moncals. go to wakelmui to make ties expensive. sense aptw, or grab it. alter sfs if you can.

scum-play smart. use your quirky cards like choke and master luke to give you the advantage. alter scum if you can. sense goofy interrupts. try to setup a moncal at kessel for a 4 drain.

hd- fight. play your duel interrupts and dueling mains if its the dueling version. use honor, or a spy (play choke if he got elephant man at the theatre) to deal with visage. play smart and remember...you can win without ben/luke/leia if you need to.

bhbm-auto win.



nah, just kidding.
vs bhbm give him luke. put annis stik on leia. drain in space at kessel or rendeli. use ben,and stik so he dont get circled by vader. fight and drain. (oh yeah start wise advise since all bhbm play sac).




any questions, comments, or concerns, please d-mail me.


-swccguy


