---
layout: archive
author: ! Scott "Maverick" Shepherd
title: ! "Raaltiir Ops   Kick Ass"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-25
description: ! "A versitile Raaltiir Ops deck designed to be able to handle all the light side brings..."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Raaltiir Operations/In The Hands of the Empire

Locations(10)
Raaltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Forest
Jungle
Desert
Echo Docking Bay
3rd Marker
Ice Plains
Coruscant
Kiffex

Characters(17)
AT-ST Pilot x3
Dart Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Commander Igar
Lt. Arnet
Lt. Watts
Major Marquand
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Lt. Cabbal
Officer Evax
Captain Lennox
Lt. Pol Treidum
Dengar w/Blaster Carbine

Vehicles(9)
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships(5)
Fett/Slave 1
Zuckass/Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught x2
Bossk/Hounds Tooth

Interrupts(8)
Twi-Lek Advisor
Torture x2
Masterful Move
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
Trample x2
Shocking Revelation

Effects(10)
Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Decree
Blast Door Controls
There Is No Try
Security Precautions
Search and Destroy
Battle Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Come Here Ya' Big Coward
'

Strategy: '

This is a deck that lends itself to playing against pretty much anything the opponent throws at you.  It is extremely versitile and relies on battle and running the opponent out of combat ready charcters, rather than draining to win the game.

vs.MWYHL
The game is fairly straight forward.  Flip your objective asap and drain as required. If they play Battle Plan...pull out Kiffex and get 2 ships there.  Here search and destroy should hurt them huge if they are playing with spies and projections.	Also treidum and the tramples should eliminate those pesky afforementioned spies.  Do not worry about them testing, if they go all the way to 5, they will die before getting there, if they only go to 2 and then come after you, they will find you still drawing destiny everywhere because of all the guys in here that draw 1 destiny if not able to otherwise.

vs.Ops
Start Battle Plan to slow them down, flip as required.Once your objective flips find your Hoth sites asap to establish your imperial decree and the game should be over.  Protect your turf here That cannot be stressed enough, if you flip and get decree going they will have no choice but to come to you, be ready for it.

vs. Hidden Base
This can be tricky, start IAO to get your sites quick and flip as soon as you safely can.  Again establish your decree and they will not be able to hurt you much in space(drains of 1 at kessel and coruscant and kiffex...0 pretty much everywhere else).Search and Destroy is your new best friend here, if the opponent is playing dedicated space...you will win.	Simple.  No need to even find Security precautions because whatever mediocre drains you have will kill him with the search and destroy.  If he comes down with hit squads, lay the beatdown, his EPPs should be weakened by your AT-STs.  A good trick to flip if they oppose Raaltiir here is to deploy a bounty hunter ship to the system and then land it once you've flipped.

vs. Profit or be Destroyed
This can also be tricky...you should not oppose the audience chamber.  Let them release Han and go after him.  When you flip their drains will be lessoned and if you get decree going even more so, assuming they have lightsabres on Luka and Ben.  Pick your fights here, if they are Cantina shuffling amass a huge force at Mos Eisley to trap them there...try to trample Han...or shoot himwith Dengar if you get the chance...if he runs to space hunt him with Fett and Bossk and Zuckass...the addition to your battle dectiny with your objective flipped should overcome the Falcons inherent immunity to attrition.  This could be your toughest game,  be careful here.

Against most deck types the basic strategy is the same...start IAO and pull your docking bays early for force and an extra Raaltiir location.  Flip as you see neccessary when it is safe to do so.   Then simply get the cards required to win.  Look at search and destroy if you don't remember what it does...it rocks.  If the light side is playing an evasive type deck, the game is yours.  Be ready to defend yourself against the raids...if you have decree satisfied and your objective flipped, you know the opponent is going to have to come to you, be ready.	They will probably go to Hoth because of the lack of deployment penalty, so I like to keep most of my big guns for there.  Try to hold off on deploying Vader and Tarkin and Jade until the opponent has commited somewhere...then use them to there fullest where the opponent is weak, or where you need help.  This deck, and the objective itself, is not for newbies, be careful when playing...if you are not careful you can easily over extend yourself and get into all kinds of trouble...if you don't, the opponent will find himself in for a long game.  Have fun.

P.S. I do not subscribe to the theory that Bad feeling have I is a must...deploy +2 for all rebels is pretty nasty already...plus for those of you who read my write up...the deck lends itself to be ready fort when the rebels come...expect them to come and kill them thats the point...bad feeling have i discourages this, which is counter productive in my opinion. '