---
layout: archive
author: ! Justin "Bubba Joe" Beal
title: ! "Speed MWYHL w/ Space CRUNCH v1 1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-12
description: ! "This is my first revision, please rate and make helpful sugestions."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Mind What You Have Learned / Save You It Can
Dagobah
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Wise Advise
The Way of Things
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations (8)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Kessel
Yavin 4
Sullest
Home One War Room

Characters (12)
Daughter of Skywalker
Yoda
Admiral Ackbar
First Officer Thanespi
Captian Verrick
General Calrisian
Nein Nunb
Ten Numb
Tycho Celchu
SUPER Wedge
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

Starships & Vehicles (7)
Home One
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Defiance
Independance
Gold Squadron 1
Blue Squadron 5

Greens (6)
X-wing Laser Cannons
Intruder Missiles x2
Heavy Turbolaser Battery
Luke’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Backpack

Interupts (10)
Balanced Attack
Power Pivot
Direct Assualt
Star Destroyer
Rapid Fire x2
Rebel Barrior
Gift of the Mentor
On the Edge
The Signal

Effects (6)
Traffic Control
Squadron Assignments
Launching the Assault
Yoda’s Hope
Haven
Reflection

Jedi Tests (5)
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain of Evil
Great Warrior
It is the Future You See
Size Matters Not
'

Strategy: '

***"# Changes in V1.1 "#***
I am now training Leia, because of stupid BHBM.  I have added some interupts that should help.	I have not added Jedi Test 6 because I don’t have a double of it, and I am a collector first and player second, so I won’t play with it, and I don’t think I really want to use it.  I changed the systems from Kiffex and Kashyyyk to Kessel and Sullest.  This is because that gives me 2 locations for Haven and I can still move between all the systems.  Other than that it is pretty much the same.  Please review and make it better.

Thanks
***"# End Changes "#***


OK first let me say that this deck has no ground presence other than Obi and Jedi Luke and they are really for forfit fodder and could be used for a one-turn beatdown.  I train Leia to test 5 and don’t really care what I stack because it isn’t important.  If I can find and track a 7 by turn 6 or 7 (assuming it takes me this long) then I will go for it, but otherwise it isn’t worth it.  The plannets I chose are key.  I can move all my ships from one plannet to the next, and each of those locations is useful.  If they manage or bother to cancel my bonuses I will only drain for 4 a turn, but otherwise it could be 8.  I can use JT 4 to set up anything I want every turn, especially if I stack a 7.  But again stacking a high destiny is not necessary.  I can pull all but 2 of the 1s and then my average destiny is fairly good.  Pretty much the only reason to train to 5 is to flip and retrieve, otherwise I don’t care about that test.

Huntdown is not really big here so I could put in a Transmition Terminated but am not sure about it.  I am at a loss as to other interupts/characters to use so I am very open to suggestions.	I haven’t played this deck before, but I am thinking that you will pretty much do the same thing every time  Train, Flip, Beat people down.

Thanks in advance for your inputs.

Bubba Joe '