---
author: Ben "Jigglypimp" Cavin
title: Those Stingy JEWISH Eloms
side: Light
date: 2000-06-14
description: Profit with eloms and hmnenths. Pretty much a guaranteed flip, and they'll stay out of the chamber.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
You can either profit by this / or be destroyed (Starting)

Locations:
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace (Starting)
JP: Audience Chamber (Starting)
Tatooine: Obi's Hut
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Cantina
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut

Devices:
Landing Claw x2

Starships:
Lando in Millenium Falcon
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Characters:
Elom x9
H'nemthe x3
Cloud City Technician
Momaw Nadon
Harc Seff
Tawss Khaa
Tanus Spijek
Yoxgit
Artoo
Tessek
Rennek
Han (Alien (Power2,Ability 2))(Starting)
Boushh

Interrupts:
The Signal x4 (Starting)
It's a Trap x2
Quite a Mercenary
Double Agent
It Could Be Worse
Nabrun Leids x2
Nar Shaada Wind Chimes x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now
Yoda Stew

Effects:
Uh-oh (Starting)
Undercover
Order to Engage
Wise Advise
Grabber
Yarna
Bargaining Table
Battle Plan
A Gift
Bo Shuda


Strategy: 

Start with uh-oh, pull out bo shuda (it wont get canceled) on the first turn. Now, stick somebody in the chamber with orders to engage, they will move out of there instead of losing three a turn. Free Han and leave him in the chamber with the its a trap to cancel sniper. Rennek makes sure that han doesn't get munched on by bubo. Throw tessek and tanus in the chamber too to makes those eloms deploy two and power 6 in the cantina with a drain of three.

This deck is kinda weak against space or court but if you play smart, you can win. Against space decks, pick the top drains and stick a ship there with a claw. Use yoxgit to get the claws back into hand if they cancel it. For court, take artoo and get a gift working, then battle and take them out on attrition. Other than that, just free han, wait for them to leave some imperials alone and nabrun and kick some ass.

Don't forget to keep boushh away from jabbas palace so uh-oh still works. She is the only rebel in the deck.
