---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Bentley" Bentley
title: ! "drop it like its hot"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-20
description: ! "good deck built by a good player"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Ewok Catapult.deck - Thu Apr 20 173546 2000

Dagobah
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay

ASP-707 (Ayesspee)  x3
Captain Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Master Luke
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoda

Millennium Falcon  x2

Clash Of Sabers  x2
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
I Know
On The Edge  x3
Shocking Information  x2
Skywalkers  x2
The Signal  x2
Transmission Terminated  x3
Tunnel Vision  x2

Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Insurrection
Order To Engage

Ewok Catapult  x6

Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
'

Strategy: '

this deck is sooper tight

vs. hunt down duel- everytime he drops a vader kill him w/ an ability 4 alien. when your able to set up solid duel destinies drop your obis and lukes to either beat him down or win a duel.

vs. non duel huntdown- beat down all his stuff and drain at his sites.

vs. isb ground- kill his stuff w/ your mains and high destiny

vs. isb space- set up the super falcon and dominate him

vs. ops- beat down his ops, chase him around, and kill him w/ order to engage.

vs. rumors- start battle plan. take over the ground and use the super falcon.

vs. manip- aliens, tunnel vision, and shocking info should help you win this game.

vs. rops- do hit and run mains to kill off his atsts one at a time.

vs. odds- odds are a @#$%, drain wherever you can and recoup your losses w/ ote.

this deck is strong against interactive decks, which are what most decks are now. vs. choke decks youll probably time out just b/c of your retrieval and the lack of anything else really happening. your main thing to look for in this matchup is a chance to get an easy beatdown.

2x skywalkers is anti barrier in case yall didnt realize that.

Chris 'AL state champ' Bentley '