---
layout: archive
author: ! Preston "Bravo 3" Stahley
title: ! "MWYHL -Training Daughter"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-10
description: ! "This deck slows/stops the DS from draining while using a few tricks to cause damage."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Mind what you have learned / Save you it can

Jedi Test(5)
Jedi Test 1
Jedi Test 2
Jedi Test 3
Jedi Test 4
Jedi Test 5

Locations (6)
Dagobah  [S]
Dagobah Yodas Hut
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Training Area
Cloud City Carbon Freezeing Chamber

Characters (10)
Daughter Of Skywalker
Yoda
EPP Obi
EPP Luke
Son Of Skywalker
Arcona x3
Artoo
EG-4


Weapons (1)
Anakin's Lightsabler

Interrupts (22)
The Signal x4  [S]
It Could Be Worse x4
Visored Vission x5
Out Of Comission x3
Off The Edge x3
Gift Of The Mentor
Transmission Terminated
Effective Repairs

Effects (15)
Anger, Fear, Aggression x4
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Polarized Negative Power Coupling
Wise Advise  [S] if you have reason to belive your opponent is playing SAC
What're You Tryin to Push On Us?
Yoda's Hope
Wars Not Make One Great
Traffic Control
Order To Engage
A Gift
Battle Plan  [S] '

Strategy: '

This deck is a bit strange.  However, this will only throw off your oppenent and keep him guessing giving you a slight advantage.	The things this deck can acomplish fall into catagorys.  Depending on the deck you are playing against you can decide which ones need to be done in what order to slow their deck down.  Keep in mind that you will never get them ALL to work in a game so don't try it.

*Slow thier drains
There are many ways to do this here.  First you have Battle Plan.  Once you complete JT #1 you can put down your 2 Projections to take away more  You have many signals to get out Wars Not Make One Great.  If you can get Artoo and they are playing COTVG you can send him there as A Gift to really screw them.  If they somehow get through all this just It Could Be Worse the damage away with your spare force

*Cause damage
This part is a little tricky.  The first way is useing you Anger, Fear, Agression.  These cause good damage if they forgot their Resistance.  The second way really works against decks heavy on interrupts.  Get out Polarized NPC and use your Visored Vission as a used.  This is always good since you are putting cards back and they are losing force.  The other way is good to use your Arcona/Order To Engage trick.  This is risky so only do this one if you are sure they won't do anything to keep one from reacting.  Another way is late in the game if they leave someone alone thinking you won't do any harm drop your Luke/Obi/Gift Of The Mentor combo you've been saving

*Retreive force
This is also hard but helps a lot  You should get the 10 force for fliping the obj once you complete test 5.  But what if thats not enough?  In the meantime try to use your Off The Edge with your EG-4.  If they are playing CC this should be easy and you usually retreive 4-5 force each time with the droid just hanging out until you need to play another one.

I hope you found this deck interesting  Remeber most of these cards aren't mandatory so change whatever you don't like here.  Just have fun with it

'