---
layout: archive
author: ! Travis "Com Igar" Rumans
title: ! "Twisted EBO v 1 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-27
description: ! "Not just another speed EBO deck with ANSB.Nah, I'm too sick and twisted for that =)."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
(All sites are on Hoth)
Echo Docking Bay
Echo Corridor
Echo War Room
Main Power Generators (S)
North Ridge (S)
Defense Perimeter (Safe drain for 2)
Hoth
Chandrilla
Kashyyyk
Endor

Ships (11)
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1
Spiral
Artoo in Red 5
X-Wing x 8

Combat Vehicles (3)
Rogue 2
Rogue 3
Rogue 4

Weapons (2)
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Effects (9)
Order to Engage
Maneuvering Flaps (may replace with Legendary Starfighter after more playtesting)
Echo Base Operations
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Garrison
A New Secret Base
Incom Corporation
Haven
Unctrollable Fury

Interrupts (10)
The Signal x 3 (S)
Rapid Fire
Organized Attack
All Wings Report In
A Few Maneuversx2
Power Pivotx2

Characters (14)
EPP Leia
General Solo
2-1B
Commander Luke Skywalker
BoShek
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Commander Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Orrimaarko
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Arconax3'

Strategy: '

In response to some reviews
Ok, I see know that Houjix/it's a trap could be a good idea. Give me some cards to cut.
And in response to the charge that I have no manipulation protection, I have not seen a manipulator in my tournament environment. EVER. I know who I'm likely to be playing this deck against, and I don't the Manipulator is really Montanan style =).
I remember back when I orginally played SWCCG (before I stopped sucking), EBO was THE deck to beat. So when they pumped it I jumped at the chance to play it.
I had one big problem How was I going to deal with major land-based drain strategies, like Dark Deal? After some attempts with spies (it galled me to sacrifice mains to TK-422 and Boush) I hit upon the answer while looking for The First Transport is Away in singles Arconas. A few tournaments ago the OTE/Arcona tech had pretty much lost me a game, and now I can use it. With the Arconas to shut down my opponents ground drains, big space, the Energy shield keeping me cozy, and a few suicidal mains all coupled with a decktype I've grown used to playing Endor Ops for the past few months, this is possibly the best LS deck I've yet built (which may not say much =)).
Why Commander Luke? 'Cause I can pull him, and if Endor Ops experience is any indication, most people will try to stop me by invading Hoth so I can put him down. Besides, I can stick him in R2 in R5 at the docking bay for free and get almost anywhere with 7 Hyperspeed.
Why bother with Rogues 2-4? (I may add in 1, but it was recently cut to make room for General Solo) Because they have deploy/power with their pilots comparable to a main, and they have better immunity, and they're good against RallOps.
Anyways, decktypes
Court
	Arconas satisfy the damage. Court enjoyed a brief spate of popularity, but if you just eat the damage (or use a spy/arcona), it can't do much. Expect some fierce space competition because they can pull starships from reserve; the weapons will come in very handy, here.
Dark Deal
	Arconas stop his ground drains, and there's not much he can do about yours. The Arconas also count towards canceling Dark Deal, and if you can occupy the system and sector (no problem--most of these decks don't have enough space without security precuations to save them) you can cancel it. Since you're screwing with him and there's not much he can do to you, you can just outdrain him.
Hunt Down
	Most will send Vader to Hoth. You can beat on him with the Rogue Speeders. You'll have to eat the Visage damage and you probably shouldn't get involved in a duel. Just rely on EBO drains; most Huntdown decks don't have enough characters to cancel EBO
Operatives
	Even without the Arconas screwing with him, DS Operatives probably can't outdrain you. A lot of these have speeder bikes, so they could penetrate Hoth quickly. Attack them with your mains if you're in the mood; Obi-Wan is tech against operatives (make him move away, but since the next site has an operative he has to be lost).
Set Your Course for Alderaan
The Arconas don't help much here so you can put them on Hoth to set up EBO (great mental image =)). Attack them with mains. Set speeders up at their docking bay. CPI is hurt by the number of D* sites you have presence at, and you can kill their gunners. You need to slow them down long enough to drain them out  with EBO before they blow you up. They might actually try to flip first; they won't have the same sense of desperation they would as against MBO. If they go for Hoth first Start pulling out your systems so you can have activation if they blow it away. After Hoth is gone, your only hope is to win a big space battle. If this deck is the hot item, throw in something; the sabotage droid is your best bet.
ISB
Most ISB decks here are IAO ISB, so you can use your Arconas to set up EBO and attack them with mains and speeders. Obi rocks here (see why I use him instead of EPP yet?) They don't have enough space to really stop EBO; the Imperials can;t hide behind Security precuation any longer.
Endor Operations
Some decks just are meant to pair; they form a sort of ultimate battle. Court and Profit. MBO and CPI. Such is Endor Ops and EBO
Consign yourself to the fact that Endor is about as big a fortress as Hoth. You can drop some Arconas and eat the Perimeter Patrol damage, since Endor has decent drain and OTE damage can be game breaking. You don't want to attack Endor on the ground because you'll lose; you can only hope they attack Hoth where you can fend them off. They're likely to have AT-STs or speeder bikes so they can spread out quickly. The most likely battlefield will be that of space, as each side strikes from their fortress to attempt to extend control over the universe. You can pull your systems, but he can use them. He's most likely using EBH ships, so the weapons will come in handy. At the end of the day, the EBO advantages (deploy -1, power+3) will help you out more in this fight than the Endor Ops advantages (AT-ST immunity, biker scout retrieval, opponent may draw only 1 battle destiny).	'