---
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: Sinister Walker Agents
side: Dark
date: 2000-03-02
description:   Inspired by Mike Mikaelian's ISB/IAO design, this deck adds Tactical Support and trooper ISB agents for added speed, with the new piloted bounty hunter ships for added staying power in space.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:

ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

Locations (10):

Coruscant
Endor
Kashyyyk
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Yavin 4: Docking Bay

Characters (20):

Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Commander Igar
Admiral Ozzel
5D6-RA-7
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Renz
Lt. Pol Treidum
Colonel Wulf Yularen
Corporal Oberk
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Torent
Sergeant Tarl
Snowtrooper Officer
Lieutenant Cabbel
Captain Lennox
Lieutenant Grond
Lieutenant Arnet

Devices (1):

Homing Beacon

Starships/Vehicles (11):

Executor
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker x3

Effects (8):

Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Imperial Decree
There'll Be Hell To Pay
First Strike
Resistance
Secret Plans

Interrupts (9):

Twi'lek Advisor x3
Tactical Support x2
Ghhhk
Monnok
Hutt Smooch
Imperial Supply




Strategy: 

  The ISB agents I considered worthwhile are in here, and a few are troopers, so they can be fetched with Tactical Support for an early flip.  While you're at it, set up a double-destiny combo with Irol and Drelosyn, or get Barich together with any biker scout, including the ISB agent Corporal Oberk.
  Put your agents in walkers to protect them from EPP weapons.	Even as passengers, ISB agents add to your drains and subtract from the opponent's.  The characters in here have great special abilities, and they are the keys to victory.
  Against Hidden Base, Security Precautions is not necessary.  It takes up space that can't be spared, and is a distraction.  With a lot of ships in here to probe and massive drains on the ground, it should be over with quickly.
  Against Ops, Imperial Decree and 5D6 or even an agent in a walker with some backup will take the drains down to zero real quick.   Decree is really easy to set up early because of the Yavin and Hoth docking bays.	 