---
author: Derek "UnknownGlyph" Tessier
title: Powerhouse Aliens:  The Return
side: Dark
date: 2000-06-18
description: Version 2 of my very succesful Court-Space-Scum deck.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
Corulag
Coruscant
Endor
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon

Characters (14)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Brangus Glee
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Danz Borin
Dr. Evazan
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Outer Rim Scout  x3
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard Walker

Starships (8)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth  x2
Dengar In Punishing One
IG-2000
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter	x2

Interrupts (14)
Dark Maneuvers	x2
Lone Pilot  x2
Look Sir, Droids
Moment Of Triumph
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Torture  x2
Trample
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
Wounded Wookiee  x2

Effects (11)
Come Here You Big Coward!
First Strike
I've Lost Artoo!
Lateral Damage
Return To Base
Scum And Villainy  x2
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Objective (1)
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die 

Strategy: 

***Some how most people seem to think this deck tries to battle on the ground.	This idea is completly wrong.  It holds one maybe 2 tatooine sites and does it's damage in the air.  So instead of blabbing about more ground characters use your head please.  Notice I DID MENTION THIS IN MY STRAT.****


Basic strategy is start scum then get mara and sabre out to chamber asap to avoid the court damage.  Back her up with some walkers if you feel like going out into the open country.  Other than that get your ships in the air and draining away.  There is very high power air in this deck and many ways to eliminate LS space.  This deck is not meant to walk all over the ground and fight, just hold 1 maybe 2 sites at most and 1 being a tatooine site.

Only 3 Outer Rim Scouts because too many means I can't have them pilot a walker and danz and dr. are good characters to have around anyway.

Wounded Wookie is pretty much anti mass battle destiny but it's second effect works nicely with ORS.

Other than those few things my deck is set up for my meta where low numbers of SAC find their way into decks hence only There Is No Try.

Avoid capturing any characters and flipping your objective.  Just send them to used pile if need be.

Dark Maneuvers is anti-x-wing cannon tech and gives a nicer hyperspeed when needed.

This deck, because it's massive air, really works well against the new EBO and gives MBO some trouble.

Thanks for taking a look.

Glyph

P.S.  The profit start is mara, chall and cc engineer.	