---
author: John "The Man" Spadora
title: What In The Hell Are You Playing
side: Dark
date: 2000-06-12
description: This Deck takes some time two start up but once you get the objective flipped you can make your opponent lose as little as 15 force a turn.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(8)
Cloud City: West Gallery
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Cloud City: Upper Walkway
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway
Cloud City: Incinertor
Bespin: Cloud City
Bespin

Characters(23)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Lieutenant Arnet
DS-61-3
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Captain Bewil
DS-61-2
Officer Evax
Trooper Davin Felth
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lieutenant Cabbel
Sergeant Wallen
Mara Jade
Jabba
Ree-Yees
Djas Puhr
Barangus Glee
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Bane Malar
Jodo Kast
Dr. Evazan
Lobot
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 WIth Riot Gun

Starships(7)
Sentinel-Class Landing Craft x2
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossok In Hound's Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1

Weapons(3)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Ponda Baba's Hold-out Blaster

Effects(13)
Dark Deal x2
Cloud City Occupation
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
All Too Easy
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Secret Plans
Crush The Rebellion
Resistance
Imperial Arrest Order
Bad Feeling Have I

Interrupts(5)
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Evader
You Are Beaten
Sniper

Objective(1)
This Deall Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don't Alter It Any Further

Strategy: 

Basically you always want to start out with the carbonite chamber secret plans and chrush the rebellion. I do not play with all wrapped up as the fact I do not like to capture. Make sure to have the imperial alien pair for the +2 destiny draws(very help full). I usually do not worry about my power because of dark deal adding 4 to your total power. One last thing make sure that you have ethier mara(favorite character in the deck because she is an imperial and an alien)with saber or vader with saber. This deck before i retired it had not lost a game out of the 12-15 games it has played. All of you doubters out there do not underestimate this objective. P.S.: Rate this deck fair just because I am using a least used objective does not mean you have to give it a bad rating. Thanks!!!