---
author: Brandon "Sundevil" Allen
title: A deck w/ANSB and not EBO!
side: Light
date: 2000-06-15
description: This deck takes an alternate use of A New Secret Base.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (4):
       Hoth: North Ridge
       Hoth: Main Power Generators
       The Signal
       A New Secret Base

Locations (9):
       Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
       Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
       Cloud City: Lower Corridor
       Dagobah
       Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
       Hoth: Echo (War Room)
       Hoth: Echo Corridor
       Hoth: Main Power Generators
       Hoth: North Ridge

Characters (19)
       BoShek
       Bothan Spy
     2 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
       Lando With Blaster Pistol
     2 Leia With Blaster Rifle
     3 Luke With Lightsaber
       Momaw Nadon
     3 Obi-Wan Kenobi
     2 Oola
       Orrimaarko
       Tawss Khaa
       Wedge Antilles

Starships (3)
       Gold Leader In Gold 1
       Millennium Falcon
       Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (21)
     2 Alter
       Gift Of The Mentor
       Glancing Blow
     2 Grimtaash
     2 Lost In The Wilderness
       Nabrun Leids
       Out Of Commission
     4 Sense
     2 Shocking Information
       Smoke Screen
     2 The Signal
     2 Transmission Terminated

Effects (6)
       A New Secret Base
       Battle Plan
       Goo Nee Tay
       Mantellian Savrip
       Traffic Control
       What're You Tryin'To Push On Us?

Weapons (2)
     2 Obi-Wan's Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

First Turn you pull out the War Room and the corridor, next turn Dagobah and Yoda's Hut. Then Drop down and beat down. Oola is for Hoth just stick her there and use her whenever you can. Recycle high destiny, and do your best to track it. The baby SAC (4-2-0) can be helpful for that effect or interrupt you just need to get rid of. If you know you're going to have to sense something and they have Hunt Down, hold on to the sesnse because you'll need more than one to draw a 1 or less. The spies are there for perimeter patrol/Endor Ops. The little space goes a long way. Why cloud City? I don't have to worry about Always thinking with you're stomach, and there's two sites with 2 dark icons, so Imp. decree won't hurt as bad. That's it...

Peace Out