---
author: Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: Yet Another Of Those Profit Decks
side: Light
date: 2000-03-13
description: Major beatdown, major beatdown, major beatdown. Need I say more?
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
You Can Profit From This/Or Be Destroyed

Locations(7):
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Cantina
Spaceport Docking Bay
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point

Characters(17):
Ben Kenobi x3
Master Luke x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Boushh
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Artoo x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Wedge Antilles
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa

Weapons(4):
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

Interrupts(25):
Gift Of The Mentor x3
Skywalkers
Blaster Deflection
Someone Who Loves You x2
Double Agent
Courage Of A Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Smoke Screen
Weapon Levitation x2
Nabrun Leids x3
The Signal
Slight Weapons Malfunction
Sorry About The Mess x2
First Aid
Tranmission Terminated x2
Clash Of Sabers x2

Effects(6):
Goo Nee Tay
Ultimatium
Draw Their Fire
A Gift
Disarmed
Traffic Control 

Strategy: 

This deck has found a lot of success for me as of late in Correlia. From first glance, the title tells the truth: it is Profit. However, I think the best part about Profit is the variable with it. When you reveal Profit as your starting objective, your opponent can never be certain. I've heard of Celebration/Profit decks being made, and have played against several versions of the Harvest/Profit and against good ol' beatdown Profit. Beatdown was decent in the old days, but I had been saddened as the emergence of TIE decks made pure beatdown too risky much of the time. Now, it's all about the objective, and this deck serves to take advantage.

First, a quick note. Two reasons why an extra Master Luke and Boushh aren't in there for the EPP versions.

1) I like having the built-in weapons. With Clash, Blaster Deflection, Slight Weapons Malfunction, etc., the need for a weapon within easy reach is very important.

2) I don't own extra copies. This man most certainly does not live on bread alone.

Some starting situations:

Space Decks: This deck could have serious problems here. Luckily, the majority of space decks that I've seen as of late use Omnious Rumors with Endor Ops. Start Ultimatium on these decks to prevent the Rumors from getting too out of control. If TIE decks are more the type in your area, I'd recommend Surprise Assault instead.

Operatives: A reasonable difficult match-up here. Start Goo Nee Tay, since a lot of ops decks use at least a few ability 3+ characters. Try to get a foothold down onto the Operative planet early, and it is essential to get Ben w/Saber there as fast as possible. With a docking bay and 3 Nabruns, there shouldn't be too many problems. Use a less important character such as Orrimaarko or Tawss Khaa to break Han. Keep Weapon Lev handy, to prevent You Are Beaten and a Vader with lightsaber coming down. It'd be nice to get Ben with Han, but don't delay, it's an uphill battle if you let them flip.

Hunt Down: This does remarkably well against Hunt Down. Start Goo Nee Tay to prevent the 1st turn Vader. Next, cement Luke and Ben together in the Audience Chamber with Han, if possible. If it looks like dueling is a possibility, try to draw your dueling cards, and Weapon Lev must be kept in hand. That card is amazing. Keep Disarmed handy, but be careful of a decoy Vader w/saber. Iggy is definitely the best way to deal with a Profit deck. That's why 2 Sorry About The Mess are around(I also hate Undercover spies, so it makes sense with all the characters w/weapons). Not a difficult match-up, but take your time in canceling Visage. Usually, wait until they've flipped. You can get your lost force back easily, and so it's in your interest to make your opponent lose some force.


A final mention, never miss out on a beatdown. 3 GoTMs will provide enough battle power to fry even a large force. If I had an extra card slot, I'd toss in a Beggar. That would multiply beatdown fact even more, and would get around the fact that you can't play Frozen Assets while unflipped. Recently, one unfortunate soul had the opportunity to play this deck on consecutive days. The first time, he lost 21 force from a battle. The next, he lost 25. And that's without GoTM. Nothing like the good ol' days. 