---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "HDADTJ Ver  2 0 (Good Enough For Worlds)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-15
description: ! "A great huntdown deck for massive beatings."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective/Epic Event
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe
Epic Duel

Locations (10)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheator
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Coruscant
Death Star
Kashyyyk
Endor

Characters (15)
Darth Vader x3
Darth Vader DLOTS x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
DS-61-3
Ds-61-2
Commander Igar
Captain Needa
Admiral Ozzel

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Starships (6)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dreadnaught x3

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Dune Walker

Interrupts (10)
Torture x2
Twilek Advisor x2
You Are Beaten
Vaders Obsession x2
The Circle is Now Complete x2
focused attack

Effects (11)
Visage of the Emperor
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Empires New Order
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force x2
Secret Plans
Security Precautions

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vaders Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

This is a great huntdown deck that when in the right hands can be almost unbeatable. It provides maximum power and major beatdown. It combines a beatdown huntdown deck with the famous Dueling Huntdown. It has high destinies and can make high force drains. It can be beat by revos but nobody has reaklly played that since ECC and in my area it is unheard of.

VS. OPS Start battle order or empires new order and go beatdown on their force draining asses. You can take over their planet and dont let them flip the objective.

VS. Hidden Base Start security precautions and send some ships into space. use lateral damage to hurt them and probe away.

VS. EJP obj. You probably want to start secret plans to stop the retrievel. then go down and duel away at their Han freeing asses.

VS. ECC Obj. Start either a bright center of the universe or battle order. If you think they have a trick up their sleave start something else. then go over and murder them.

VS. MWYHL Start Secret Plans or Come Here You Big Coward and it may stop them dead in their tracks. Then force drain them away and dont let them control any battle grounds.

This is a good deck in my area and it could probably beat most deck types. I hope you feel the same way I do and please give me some contrucive feedback. '