---
author: Chris "Bentley" Bentley
title: HBXXX 2.0
side: Light
date: 2000-02-07
description: X-wing Swarm Is Pretty Good.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

HBX2.0.deck - Mon Feb 07 15:30:02 2000

Bespin
Coruscant
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine  x2

Boussh
TK-422

Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing  x3
Spiral
X-wing	x12

All Wings Report In  x2
Control  x3
Effective Repairs
Hit And Run
Houjix	x2
Hyper Escape
It Could Be Worse  x2
It's a Hit!  x2
Organized Attack  x2
Rebel Barrier
The Signal  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2

Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Order To Engage
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Ultimatum
Wise Advice
Yarna d'al' Gargan

X-wing Laser Cannon  x2

Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers


Strategy: 

This is your basic X-Wing Swarmer, not to exciting but pretty solid. I have changed the ships around for a little more variety, plus the extra ability they provide help vs. ZIMH. Boussh and TK are in to block drains on the ground, bust there cover late in the game to get around Battle Order if neccesary, otherwise you should have no trouble getting around it cause this deck activates a ton of unused force mid game usually. X-wing Laser Cannons are in there to shoot down bounty hunter ships of course. All the effects are pretty much obvious, OTE is to punish them from running away until i can kill there ships. Interrupts are all pretty much the usual fare, w/ the effective repairs being added b/c i have alot of necessay effects that i only have 1 copy of. The controls are just a little more anti-sac, hit and run is in their instead of a 2nd hyper escape cause there are a couple of useful cards that cancel it so i dont want to be to dependant on it. I only use 1 rebel barrier now b/c its not as useful anymore since the DS has the ability to easily drop more than 1 ship.

Vs. Ops- Ops is the toughest matchup for this deck, try to get out early w/ quick drains and set up your fd blockers, get tpiff on tatooine, and beat them down either before your flip if they come to space or after they probe your hb.

Vs. Rallops- Get an xwing to ralltir early to delay the flip, and drain in space until they come to stop you where upon you beat them out of space w/ your cannons and stuff.

vs. Hunt Down- Search your deck until a TT is in your force pile and draw it up cause visage is death. Drain in space and block their drains on the ground, and kill whatever they put in space.

The key to this deck is patience, dont worry about early force loss and dont flip to early.

oh and dont lose off the top until all your planets are out.


Chris Bentley
AIM: CannonX 