---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "Greedo" Tennet
title: ! "In Attack Position"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-22
description: ! "Capitalises on the new environment with Death Star II. Pulls raw power and the generation to use it straight from the deck. Three different ways to cause force loss."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
- Mobilisation Points
- Imperial Arrest Order
- You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations (8)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star II Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Endor

Characters (20)
Admiral Chiraneu
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Captain Godhert
Commander Desanne
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
Colnel Jendon
Darth Vader
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Emperor Palpatine
General Veers
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Cabbel
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Officer Evax
Sim Aloo

Starships (9)
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Dominator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x4
Emperor's Personal Shuttle
Executor

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Admiral's Orders (2)
We're In Attack Position Now x2

Interrupts (6)
Imperial Command x3
Masterful Move
Monnok
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down

Effects (6)
Cloud City Occupation
Lateral Damage x2
Presence Of The Force x2
Security Precautions'

Strategy: '

First off, no, there is no Dark Deal. And why bother? You can bet there'll be a fast uptake of Jedi Testing (regardless of its merits/lack therof) thanks to the bonus cards in DSII. It's also 'all too easy' to cancel these days and attempting to hold the locations can result in a bad battle and damage over the top.

In today's environment no Dark deck should be hit for cards instead of forfeit, except maybe Scum decks which can afford it. Otherwise you need to get the most out of all your cards. This deck does that. It's also extremely fast for the amount of power it wields. Average activation is 20+ by turn 3. Combine that with all the deploy reducers and you have a cheap fleet with staying power to hang with the best of them.

To start, you fetch Executor before activation on Turn 1 (with Mobilisation points). That ship will be your base of operations and should never go down in a game. At the same time, you lose YCHF to grab Security Precautions. Against Hidden Base, which will no doubt prove to be relatively popular, this is an important card. Mainly it's the extra generation that matters though.

Grab a 1/0 DBay turn one with IAO; Executor usually because they can later move straight to the bridge. Drop someone there if possible, should be no trouble. That's an extra 2 gen for their presence. Fetch Bespin too.

I'm sure the early strat can be worked out from there and the decklist. Read the DS2 cards if you don't know what they do. They all have their purpose.

Now you have your generation established, use Imperial Command to get your character machine going. Piett can grab the Admiral's Order if you need it, otherwise he fetches Merrejk or whoever is required. Remember that with Chiraneu (another "downloadable" admiral) your drains are +1 at all systems in the deck. Establish one or two key drains in the early game like this, boosted by POTF, if you're waiting for the LS to drop ships.

The deck moves at the pace you set. Generation is rarely a problem thanks to the big boosts and the deploy bonuses that abound. Examples
Piett -1 to all cap ships
Ozzel -1 to all cap ships
Aloo and Greejatus -3 to Emperor's location
WIAPN (Admiral's order) -2 to all pilots deploying to cap ships with an admiral (of which there are four).

These all add up.

Set up the Occupation if you can, with commanders/generals if possible to cause extra force loss. Tagge isn't in here because he's not a pilot and is just a bad character. The Emperor can usually hold a site with one of his advisors. But it's all about playing against the opponent. The shuttle is a nice trick and very deadly against Hidden Base with security precautions. (See my article on "Beating Hidden Base" for more details, it's a bit older now but still all valid). In fact, this will basically demolish a Hidden Base. Play smart and the diff should be good too.

No sense/alter protection? No. It's not popular here, but if it is in your area, think about Oppressive Enforcement as a starting effect in place of YCHF. The gen boost can wait, and chances are that if S/A is big, Hidden Base won't be. But to be honest, S/A doesn't much hurt the deck. Everyone plays more Sense than Alter on the LS and the effects are either in duplicate or immune anyway. If it's a really S/A heavy deck, just leave off playing the ints and effects. The more space they waste on inefficiency, the less room they have for MEAT. And that's what this deck is in no short supply of. Make your own modifications however.

More than one copy of Vader is not needed. He's useful for landing on Dagobah in the Hound's Tooth or shuttle and all and is, of course, still the best character in the game, BUT...this deck requires no more than its one Darth Vader. Don't even consider changing him for DV,DLOTS. Nor Lord Vader. Nor EPP. This is important. And if you see MWYHL, you know what to do by now. Don't deploy him. No sense risking the Fury for a character that is not essential.

The AO's benefits. All your ships are at least immune < 4 with pilots (which are in abundance).
Chimaera is usually < 7.
Executor always < 14.
And should you get the shuttle with Palpatine (remember Desanne grabs this too) then you have an invincible fighter that draws 2 destiny with a pilot. Emperor deploys aboard for free too.
***NOTE Palpatine's text says "...to a SITE opponent occupies." Nothing about systems. He can be used in space. Despite this however, for most games, he's probably better off holding a site.

No Ops and Odds protection (after losing YCHF)? No need. Other people will play these cards for me. Leave Them To Me and YCHF may be killer against the two decks but many other people will play them. For now, it is safe to go without. HOWEVER. If you suspect that this may change, use Sarkli. You won't be knocked off the system, there is no chance of it happening. This will let your own drains go through unhindered while you harass them on the ground. As for Odds - it will be a rarity for now. YCHF hoses NTMTO like never before. Odds might not be dead, but they've taken a large hit.

Finally, look at the second function on Imperial Command. Yes, no super falcon. No EPP hit squad (if you've been wise enough to use Veers). Why? Because no more than one destiny for them. There's no chance of that touching the Executor and very little of it affecting your other ships. Use your cards well and you will win.

So to recap. Deal Damage
From drains in space.
From drains on the ground.
From Cloud City Occupation.
From We're In Attack Position Now

Important facts to remember when playing
--------
Motti is both an Admiral and Commander.
Desanne makes all shuttling, landing and taking off FREE at his location. This is good.
Run from their strikeforce on the ground and keep CC Occupation going. If they split their forces to cover you, pounce.
Godhert is the menace of the menace. No more claw.
You start Secret Plans. Don't forget it.
Lateral Damage wins games.
Two Lateral Damage wins tournaments.
--------

Enjoy the deck. As always, d-mail me with any comments.'