---
layout: archive
author: ! chris "Putz" burnett
title: ! "Ewoks have usage v2"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-12
description: ! "updated to be better then before set up quick pull madiane"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Local Uprising

Locations (6)
Endor (starting)
Farm (starting)
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Back Door
Endor Hidden Forest Trail

Characters (27)
Ewok Spearman x10
Chief Chirpa
Graak x2
Kazak x2
Teebo
Logray
Wicket
Ithorian x3
Threepio
Daughter of Skywalker
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Luke with Lightsaber
General Solo
General Crix Madine

Weapons (5)
Ewok Spear x5
Anakin&#8217;s Lightsaber
Ewok Catapult x2

Effects (8)
Traffic Control
Bargaining Table
Wise Advise (starting)
Lightsaber Proficiency
Strike Planning (starting)
Aim High (starting)
Anger Fear Aggression x3

Interrupts (8)
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x3
Heading for the medical frigate (starting)
Ewok Rescue x2
Yub-Yub x3 '

Strategy: '

first turn before you activate get madiane. deploy madiane if you have anoth to d him and chewbacca cause wuta is free if using chewbacca’s text. second turn get a site d there and repeat and also draw when you need to. When reviewing my deck remember strike planning = no force for opponent at endor. I have 2 graaks and Kazaks because they are key cards to drain +1 and off the top. I have Teebo cause he adds 1 to my ewoks forfeit. Logray for adding 1 to my destany. I am using Yub-Yub cause it adds to the forfeit and I can retrive anything with ewok in the title. I use spearmen cause I like the free spear on them. The spears for the power = 0 to the power people. And daughter cause for adding 1 Icon for me. Madine to pull Chewbacca and him to pull wuta to pull my sites. Anger Fear Aggression to get my opponent to come to endor where he will under estermate me or just lose 4.
'