---
author: Clayton "TheDohMan" Atkin
title: Atkin’s Ketwol EBO
side: Light
date: 2000-11-09
description: This is the light deck that I used at the preliminary tournament on the eve of the Phoenix MegaSlam.  It uses Ketwol’s docking bay exchange text to keep the nasty cards in your hand.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay x3
Hoth
Kashyyyk
Endor

Characters (9)
General Crix Madine
Ketwol
Lieutenant Blount
Colonel Cracken
Luke with Lightsaber
Obi Wan with Lightsaber
Boushh
TK-422
Figrin D’an

Ships (14)
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Lando in Millennium Falcon
X-wing x 12

Interupts: (15)
Heading for the Medical Frigate (st)
The Signal x4
A few Maneuvers
Out of Commission
Surprise Assault
On the Edge x2
All Wings Report In
Rebel Barrier
Organized Attack x2
Sorry about the mess

Effects (10)
Strike Planning (st)
Wise Advise (st)
Do or Do Not (st)
A New Secret Base
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation
Rebel Fleet
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Legendary Starfighter

Devises (2)
X-wing Laser Cannon x2





Strategy: 

First thing you do is use one of your 4 signals to go get A new Secret Base.  Once that is on the table, then you go about getting all of your location on the table.  If you have one of your Signals, or A new Secret Base in your opening hand, go get Madine and drop him on the 2nd turn.  Use the scouts that Madine pulls to get EBO going.  Ketwol is the key.

A New Secret Base allows you to pull your Echo sites into your hand.  Ketwol allows you to exchance one of those Echo docking bays for the top card of your lost pile.	Then use your retrieval cards like Draw their Fire, Figrin D’an, and On the Edge’s to keep your Echo docking bays in your reserve deck.  Use your 1 All Wings Report in for the end of the game retrieval.

In one game that I played, EPP Obi hit the table 4 times.  In another, I was able to keep Frozen Assets on my opponents force pile for most of the game.  If your opponent isn’t playing with any grabbers, then you are also able to play On the Edge almost every turn.	Example:  Use a docking bay to retreive X card, play On the Edge to get that docking bay back into your reserve deck. (it’s really easy to track one of the floating high destinies in this deck) Retreive your force, then use the other DB that is in your hand to get the On the Edge back into your hand. During your next turn, Use A New Secret Base to go get that docking bay out of your reserve deck and put it into your hand.	Repeat, Rince, Wash.

Against Hunt Down:  Use one of your scout/spies with Obi or Luke to go cancel Transmission Terminated.	You can even use Boushh and break her cover if you wish.  Once TT is canceled, you will win the drain race.  If they decide to come up to you....let them.  Your power 5 x-wings(Incom Corp and Orgy Attack) will dismantle anything the Empire can throw at you.

BHBM:  Same theory.  This deck will win almost any drain race.	Beat them out of space, and use your retreival to keep you ahead.

Raltiir:  A Very Bad Match Up.	This deck will lose 90% of the time.  Especially once Decree is in effect.

Vile Gangster:	Just stay in space and out drain them.	There is no need to even come down to them.

This deck isn’t the "End all, Save all" of light decks.	Its fun to play, especially for those of you good enough to track destinies in a full deck.  It’s not a deck that a newbie can just pick up and play.  You have to know your going to be able to retreive your docking bay into your reserve deck right after you play it.

If you have any ?’s about the deck, feel free to email me at Nightwrker@aol.com
Clayton Atkin 