---
layout: archive
author: ! Jonathan "jonnychu" Chu
title: ! "EV-9D9 Madness"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-09
description: ! "This deck sets up a massive drain by turn four and wrecks several popular light decks, including Yavin 4 mains"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start Tatooine, Combat Readiness for Tatooine Jabba's Palace (3)

Locations (3)
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
JP Audience Chamber
JP Droid Workshop

Characters (25)
EV-9D9 x5
R1-G4 x4
R4-M9 x2
WED15-I662 'Treadwell' Droid x2
E-3P0
EG-6 x5
Jabba the Hutt
Mosep x2
IG-88 x2
4-LOM (normal)

Starships/Vehicles (3)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Interrupts (22)
None Shall Pass x6
Sense x4
Alter x4
Control x2
Hutt Smooch x2
Elis Helrot x3
Imperial Barrier x2

Effects (3)
No Bargain
Tatooine Occupation
Broken Concentration '

Strategy: '

This deck is a wrecker. The strategy is fairly obvious Start the start, pull Audience chamber and draw for more droids, then pull Droid workshop and begin the droid (all deploy -1) dropping madness. EV-9D9 can drain at the Workshop for +1 for each other droid there, and Power droids are power +X where X is the number of non-power droids there. Since the droids are so cheap to deploy, second or third turn you can pull Jabba with the audience chamber game text and go nuts with SAC. 4/4/2 should be enough to out-SAC most decks now, and despite the 6 None shall passes, most of the destiny in this deck is <4 so you should be able to draw it. The SAC is mostly to protect the None Shall Passes - no mains should be able to hit Jabba's Palace until late in the game, when it's too late for them anyways.

More specific strategy
So you have a drain of 9 at the droid workshop. There are several ways to stop this, most of which you can counter

Bargaining Table/Rebel Fleet alter should wreck this.
Undercover spies Hutt smooch should be enough - most decks don't run more than Boussh or the occasional TK-422 or r2d2 undercover. Throw in a pol treidum if you're afraid of undercover tech. Don't forget none shall pass can bounce a lot of guys.
Hidden Base You have three ships and hidden base is pretty slow. Save them to probe.
Dagobah testing Hopefully you will catch wind of this before you play against it and thus start jabba's/broken concentration. Otherwise, pull mosep instead of jabba the hutt and go for a quick start - you may be able to drain off some key guys or the test 1.
Putting a guy down or moving a guy over to block the drain with like 5 power droids (you can search for them with EV9d9) your power is usually in the 50's to 60's. They will get hammered. Elis around the squad for more beats.
Ultimatum If he puts guys on the ground you can hammer them. elis around a group of droids and wreck him so he doesn't occupy 3. Jabba at the chamber or bounty hunter ships at tatooine should satisfy your part of Ultimatum. This hurts the most.

The deck is fast and of course it has problems, but right now with so much ROPs and Anti-ROPs meta going around a deck like this could surprise someone..

'