---
layout: archive
author: ! Clayton "TheDohMan" Atkin
title: ! "Atkins Skrillings"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-28
description: ! "  This is the CCT Skrilling deck that I used to help me WIN the California State Championship. (stressing win for all the jabroni's who'll say 'it sucks, it'll never win.')"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration

Locations (9)
Cloud City Security Tower
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Tatooine Jabba's Palace x2
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Cloud City East Platform

Characters (18)
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Pote Snitkin x2
Brangus Glee
Skrilling x13

Ships (4)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckus in Mist Hunter

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interupts (12)
Twi'lek Advisor x4
Abyssin Ornament x2
Always Thinking with your Stomach x2
Masterful Move
Monnok
Ghhhk
Look Sir, Droids

Effects (14)
There is no Try
Scum and Villiany x2
3,720 to 1 x4
There'll be Hell to Pay x2
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Den of Thieves
Security Precautions
Reacter Terminal

Devises (1)
Carbonite Chamber Console


'

Strategy: '

  Light side mains and toys are everywhere again, and I knew that there was a good chance that I'd play against 3 of them at the CA state championships.	So, instead of building a dark counterpart, I decided to go with something that was much more irritating to play against.....Skrillings My instincts proved to be correct.  The 3 decks that I played against were a Mind what you have learned/test to 2 (win by 17), Hard Core Profit (win by 18), and in the final game, I beat a Obi's Hut/Toche station deck that was full of SAC's (win by 15).  Now on to some strategies.

  I use CCT intead of Court because Profit is very prevelent out here.	I didn't want to get choked.  Instead, I am the one doing the choking. It doesn't hurt either that you get to steal a rebel.	Use your objectives gametext to get your AC out first turn.  Don't worry if you activated for it, that the reason why the East Platform is in the deck.

  Start with There is No Try against everything except Opetatives.  In that case, start with Battle Order.
  Against Mains and Toys  It is very important that you get Imperial Arrest Order out as soon as you can.  Nothing will wreck this deck more than Mains Nebruning around and hacking everyone up.  You've always got a safe place to deploy to if you want to insert early. (security tower) Once all their mains are on the table, pick and choose your battles, retreiving force with S&V every time you do.  Remember, when Pote is at the AC, all those little skrillings are power 4.

  Against Hidden Base	Hold on to your ships until your opponent flips.  Even though you only have 4 ships, it is enough since you will be retreiving them.

  Against Juz's Revenge This deck wasn't prevelent at the time.....so some minor changes to the deck would need to be made.	Add Surface defence and start with Resistance/There is No Try and Secret Plans.  Your numbers should come through more time then not, because they'll need to deploy their desposible EPP hitsquad to do any dagage at all.

  Now for a little tech
  If Grimtaash is prevelent in your area, take out the Reacter Terminal and replace it with Well Guarded.  Scum and Villiany turns this 60 card deck, into an 80 card deck with all the retreival every time you battle.  Nothing better then playing your 4 inserts 6-7 times per game.  Use the disposable Vaders to keep your opponent honest.  But always forfeit him to keep your numbers up.  Don't forget the AC's gametext.  Being able to pull Pote out of your reserve deck helps a lot.

  If you play this deck right, it can do as much battle damage as it does insert damage.  In one instance against a Profit deck he had Ben Kenobi and General Solo in my AC. I deployed Pote, S&V, 5 skrillings (for 1 force each) and Vader with stick.  I hit Kenobi, while he missed Vader.	I won the battle as he was force to lose General Solo and 11 more force.    '