---
author: Adam "Vincent Vega" Beauchamp
title: Hunt Down with Docking Bays
side: Dark
date: 2000-05-08
description: Use Imperial Arrest Order to grab docking bays, and go for a turn 2-3 flip.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective - 1
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi

Locations - 8
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Holotheater
Executor: Docking Bay
Coruscant
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Docking Bay

Characters - 12
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x3
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Mara Jade, TEH x3
Gran Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 with Gun

Starships - 4
Dreadnaught
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckus in Mist Hunter

Effects - 14
Imperial Arrest Order
Blaster Rack
Blast Door Control
The Dark Path
Crush The Rebellion
Come Here You Big Coward
Resistance
Security Precautions
Search and Destroy
There'll Be Hell to Pay

Interupts - 17
Twi'lek Advisor x4
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Evader x3
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
The Circle is Now Complete
Vader's Obsession
Focused Attack
Unexpected Interuption x2
Dark Strike

Epic Events - 1
Epic Duel

Weapons - 3
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

The other 4 effects are Visage of the Emperor x4 and there are supposed to be 2 Vader's Saber. Sorry



Start Imperial Arrest Order vs. most all decks. If they start Throne Room stuff you might want to start Crush firts, but it's not always necessary. Go get the executor: docing bay first, then one of the two battle ground docking bays. If they started Goo Nee Tay you might want to get the coruscant: docking bay too for extra force. If they do not have a Luke or Obi out just put Vader at the Battleground Docking Bay to flip, and then walk back to the Executor and wait for them to react. Throne Room pretty much has to come to you because they only play 1-2 batllegrounds. The Blaster Rack is so all 3 mara's can use her lightsaber, and it's pretty good with Vaders saber too. I play 3 evaders because they are pretty good for recycling vader's but I will probably drop to 2, and Revolution can always hurt. I try to get the Dark Path out pretty fast too, as it helps take out a bunch of guys with just Vader or Mara with Saber. I just recently made this so I'm sure it is missing some important cards, so if you see anything it needs let me know. Thanks.	