---
author: Olivier "Bel Iblis" De Ridder
title: Winner light of Tierfon Con I
side: Light
date: 2000-11-08
description: This is the deck i’ve used to win the tierfon con 1. It helped winning against Fabien Jacques , Milan Angeli ( 5 minutes )and Bastiaan Proot.



rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Characters(18)
------------
Master luke *2
Ben kenobi *2
Juke , jedi night
DOS
Leia epp
han solo
han epp
4 eloms
2 klantooine ’hutt’ revolutionary’s
lando with stick
8d8
chewbacca with gun

Objective(1)
-----------
Profit by this or be destroyed

interrupts and effects(30)
----------------------
The signal *3
alter *3
sense *3
glancing blow
controll
lost in the wild
run luke run
help me obi
trafic control
Bacta tank
I hope she’s all right
sory about the mess
Rebel barrier
No disentigrations
gift of the teacher
courage of a skywalker
you will take me to jabba now
it could be worse
quite a mercenary
goo nee tay
swing and a miss
naburn leids
under attack *2
No disintigrations

locations(7)
-----------
tatooine : Jabba’s pallace
tatooine : Audience Chamber
tatooine : cantina
yoda’s hutt
home1 : War Room
hott : War Room
rendevous point

Wapons(4)
---------------
luke’s saber x2
obi’s saber x1
anakins saber x1 

Strategy: 

This is the corrected version of you lost in 5 min. deck!
Please take the time to read my strategy before reviewing.

First turn:
Start goo nee tay!
It’s a killer card against unexpected decks and high ability decks.
This way , you will also be protected against Onith decks.
Try to deploy Luke and look in your deck for Bo Shuda ( Just to see what is in your force pile)
and draw a bit

*How to win and why some cards are in this deck i will explain now :


1)Why all the red??
 ------------------
Most decks can’t handle a lot of interrupts and effects .The interrupts are handy .In this deck you can make opponents Vehicles crash , kill caracters during your control f. ,make opponents characters missing ,put your characters in bacta so they are ready for battle next turn and so on...

The big duel pakkage included will ensure a nice duel in your favor.I’ve you wouldn’t be ready for a duel , sense the duel and allow your opponent later when your ready for him.

How to win vs space decks
-------------------------
You have the opportunity to look trough your deck every turn searching for Bo Shuda!
Use it!
Track your senses (they could cancel for example their short range fighters using it to search for a tie) , it could be worse (to stop heavy ds2 losses or to stop a heavy drain from Endor Ops)and most important of all ,your light version of search and destroy.Flip as soon you think you have either 10 force loss or you want him to dammage him real quick.
Use your help me obi one wise , as it provides you with a big suprise.
*itimidate your opponent by pretending you have something wich will meke him loose
and most of all : track , track , track.
Sooner or later they might come on ground and
you could be sitting ducks...

VS. huntdown and other dueling
------------------------------
Track , make them loose their duel and win.
if they use sim aloo,and they leave the card ,You’ll know it is a low destiny giving you the opportunity to sense and alter with now problem.
Try to be carefull at batteling the great Emperor , because you never now a lightening bolt will hit your character.

Raltirr : Never think i’ll see this deck again , unless they want to die against the great amount of deck playing with dunsed thaa.

Court : drain , battle , win.
Klantooines will help you with delight when they see a hutt can be killed .

No disintigrations : use it !
every battle , send a character of ability >2 to bacta , or to revive and make opponent lose three force.They’ll sure wont enjoy deploying vaders ,
or they’ll run out of bounty hunters in now time.



Little story :
--------------
(Don’t read it if you don’t have much time or simply are not interrested)

*How i’ve beaten huntdown in 5 min (with luck)
----------------------------------------------
first turn :
he deployes mara and onith as a starter. I deploy lando and luke and saber
Send Mara to hand , battle destiny 10 ;
onith forfeit 0 , he loose 19 first turn
After that he duels I play glancing , he was totaly defeated at that time.
(11th of belgium , before the tourney 8th)



Thanx for reading,
forgive my spelling ,
i hope it can provide you with
the neccecary wins during a tourney.

Olivier De Ridder
olivier_odr@yahoo.com
(please mail me your comments) 