---
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: The Real Slim Shady
side: Light
date: 2000-05-04
description: To everyone who hates Profit decks.....Suck it. It ROCKS.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

(Start)(6)

YCEPBT/...OBD
Tat: Jabba's Palace
JP: Audience Chamber
Han Solo
The Signal
Insurrection

Locations (4)

Tat: Docking Bay 94
Tat: Mos Eisley
Tat: Cantina
CC: Lower Corridor

Characters(16)

Master Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x3
Boussh
Leia w/ Blaster Rifle
Han w/ Heavy Blaster Gun x2
Lando w/ Pistol
Chewie w/ Blast-o-matic promo gun
Artoo x2
See-Threepio
R-3PO

Weapons (4)

Anakin's Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2

Interrupts(25)

Courage of a Skywalker
On The Edge
Its A Trap! x2
Alter
Nabrun Leids
Weapon Levitation x2
Someone Who Loves You
Sorry About The Mess
How Did We Get Into This Mess x5
Were You Looking For Me?
The Force is Strong with This One
Gift of the Mentor x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Skywalkers
Dont Forget the Droids
The Signal
Endor Celebration
Double Agent

Effects (4)

Do or Do Not
A Gift
Order to Engage
I Must Be Allowed to Speak




Strategy: 

PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE YOU MAKE SOME CANDYASS REVIEW THIS DECK PROBALY DOESNT DESERVE.

Props to "kable" for giving me the concept of this.
The basic idea behind this deck is to start Insurrection and grab the Docking Bay from your Reserve and HDWGITM? for all the cards you need.
This deck can accomplish Super Luke first turn like my previous ones can as well.

I reverted back to OG Han because of his retrieval tendecies. This deck(sadly) isnt as fast(still fast) as my Speed Profit, so I included the older Han to retreive more of that force I lose trying to free him.

There are no ships included because Profit decks simply dont need space. What they do to you in space can be done by you on Tatooine but much more. Activation is NOT A PROBLEM. I activate enough to get my stuff out when I need to, and theres really no reason to deploy when I dont need to......all that and I dont find myself deploying alot.

The reason there are a few cards in there with only one copy is that HDWGITM? will find it for you. This isnt guaranteed, but when you combine this with your card draws, youre gonna get the card you need most of the time.


Now,heres why I use certain cards:

R-3PO - He's a droid, and therefore he'll allow you to play HDWGITM?. He's also searchable for with Were You Looking For Me? and he'll cause U-3PO and Mara damage every turn.

On the Edge: The shaft(Responsibility/Much Anger) combo is vicous. This will kill the main he shafts, and provides on the spot retrieval if you need it.

Alter: This was really just added to counter the Shaft and alter those important effects they have when they think you dont have Alters. Plus a recyclable 4 is always cool.

Were You Looking For Me?: Gets out Threepio and R-3PO, in addition to adding destiny with Threepio in battle.

Double Agent: Kills Mara, plain and simple. If thats not good enough, it doubles as an Undercover spy killer and ISB wrecker.

Nabrun Leids: You start Insurrection....and you use this? Sure. Against Raltiir, theres no better way to get your guys down there. and if your opponent thinks youre not going to bother him on Endor, boy, is he wrong.

CC site: When all else fails on Tatooine, head to the city in the clouds. When this happens, they will do one of 2 things. Since they cant Elis there, they will spread on Tatooine, which gives you an opportunity for beatdown. If theyre dumb enough to deploy there(the 2nd option) drop a hit squad and beat the smack outta them there. I switched from the Carbonite Chamber because of Imperial Decree used in Raltiir decks.


What to do vs.

Anti-Profit: Ive beaten that deck with my Speed Profit before, and let me tell you that deck is vicious, so prepare for a tough matchup. The key to anti-profit is that he will Monkey-hump Han at the AC, and dominate your game with the SAC control. To do this, he usually(90% of the time) over-deploys and drops all his characters there on Tatooine. When this happens, look for your CC site and set up there, and dont deploy any Tatooine sites. Since he's not draining at the AC, he'll try to spread,then you try to beat him down, but be careful, this deck is vicious in battle. If he chooses NOT to over deploy, set up and beat the hell outta him in the AC. Its a toughie, but you can win it.

Hunt Down: Cancel Visage ASAP. Smack the aliens outta the AC and free Han and keep him alive. The new errata made me take out Put That Down, so make sure you stay away from Choke Vader. When he's deployed, play Its a Trap! and run. you may want to add Uncontrollable to the deck to make him pay for it(since Weapon Lev cancels YAB). Spread on Tatooine and pick your battles. Should be easy....If you want, invade Executor with Boushh and 1 other guy(since she cancels CHYBC).

Raltiir: Your most devastating matchup. This deck can shut your drains cold and fast, so flip fast and forget the retrieval. Get in as much drains as you can, and drop your squads to Tatooine and Nabrun over there(or if they play Docking bays, just transit). If you can, hit them early and hard, and force him to react to you. Use HDWGITM? to grab cards you need. The key to winning is keeping it on its toes trying to keep up with you.

Court: Should be no problem. Just handle it like Hunt Down. Set up HDWGITM? and grab everything you need to layeth the smackdown on thier candyasses. Spread, and hit the BH first, cuz they can capture your guys.

vs. everything else: TIES is basically all thats left....including space.....just spread, spread, spread.....let Profit do its damage and kill the spies as they come and stop Vader from ruining your day. The retrieval is annoying, but for every card they retrieve, they have to deploy, so dont worry. All thats left is Endor Ops....this is rare, but if its popular in your area, add in a Goo Nee Tay to stop 1st turn Miyoom.

I think Ive covered all the bases, if you have any questions, ask me BEFORE reviewing. This is a good deck, so please rate it seriously.

The Brahma Bull


