---
author: Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: Enter Sandman
side: Light
date: 2000-07-18
description: Alien Laden Profit (Post D*II) that attempts to out-meta the best of the best DS decks out there. Yes...that would be Big Blue,ROps, and even the dreaded Manipulator.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Enter Sandman.deck - Tue Jul 18 00:55:46 2000


Unknown Type (10)
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Home One: War Room
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Cantina x2
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Mos Eisley

Characters (22)
Elom x8
H'nemthe x2
Han
Melas
Oola x2
Rennek
Shasa Tiel
Tawss Khaa
Tessek x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2

Starships (3)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (8)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
The Signal x2
Nabrun Leids x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x3

Effects (13)
Battle Plan
Beggar x3
Bo Shuda
Civil Disorder
Goo Nee Tay
Honor Of The Jedi
Traffic Control
Uh-oh!
Wise Advice
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us? x2

Devices (3)

Landing Claw x2
Luke's Lightsaber

Unknown Type:
You Can Either Profit By This.../Or Be Destroyed  

Strategy: 

Gah! No Grimtaashs! Take out two cards of your choice and toss those puppies in.

Ok. I left a lot of somewhat obvious stuff out...Wind Chimes,POASkywalker,TV's..you name it.
Well...I don't have room (suggestions needed) and they aren't necessary in the deck (the lom's will be forfeited more often than naught so nothing to retrieve with)

Ok. So we have a profit deck. A profit deck that can choke a horse with 2/0's, Beggar's, Goo Nee Tay, Hnemthe's..,with 2 of big aliens and 3 YWTMTJNow's this deck has incredible speed as well. Start Uh-Oh,Battle Plan,and Wise Advice.

Heres how the deck plays against the popular decks out there:

ROps-Profit is know ROps hate. Set up, Oola every turn, drain with Tessek and eloms. Profit damage with Han and Luke blah blah. Luke and Elom backing goes to Ralltiir to clean with beefy immunity. Tawss and Melas rip. Try to get Lando out whether it be by clawing or with melas/hnemthe as pilot.

Big Blue- Gonna be all sorts of these running around whether it be beats, Endor Ops, unique TIEs. mixed space whatever. Oola is Post D*II queen and keep her reaming their hand. Profit needs a lot of activation anyway but with all the 2/0s you should have plenty to Oola every turn.

Manip- Well. SCrews won't matter. Big Aliens can come from reserve. Everything really works well...them rearranging your force pile wont be as bad as most decks with high red card counts. In fact Shasa will hurt them more...just beatdown their small amount of characters.

Huntdown- He he. HDADTJ fades with D*II,  mark my words. ANYWAY Honor of the Jedi takes care of Visage and Oola keeps the Vaders off the table when the Eloms clean the first 1-2 off.

It's just a good non-conventional deck with speed,force advantage, and the most powerful post D*II card-Oola.