---
author: Alex "george3785" George
title: The Dark Apocalypse
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-10
description: A very powerful BHBM deck that uses, some very strong BHBM decks and combines them.
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Startin’ Stuff (8)
BHBM
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob. Points
Your Insight Serves You Well
Palpy’s Throne Room

Locations (7)
rendili
Executor Docking Bay
DS2 Docking Bay
tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Endor Docking Bay
Endor Ewok Village

Characters (16)
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade x2
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Miyoom Onith x4
Boba with gun
Palpy
Jabba the Hutt

Starships (4)
Zuckuss in ship
Bossk in ship
Dengar in Ship
Chimeara

Weapons (3)
Mara’s Fun Toy
Vaders Stick x2

Effects (5)
Battle Order
Lateral Damage
First Strike
Emperors Power
Search And Destroy

Interrupts (17)
Twilek Advisor
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Alter x3
Sense x4
Imp. Barrier x2
Id Just as Soon Kiss A wookie
You Are Beaten
The Circle is Now Complete 

Strategy: 

***PLEASE READ***
Will you please read the whole decklist and strategy. dont just look at the cards and give me a good or bad review. And also dont say it is just like any other BHBM deck because they are all alike. Tis one is just a great one that i play.

Now on to the strategy-
First off i would like to say that the whole basis of this deck is to win battles. You try to win battles and turn Luke to the Dark Side. Winning battles can be done rather easily in this deck. I win most battles by trying to exclude characters. I use Miyoom, imp. barrier, circle, you are beaten, id just as soon kiss a wookie, and monnok to do this. When you cut down on their amount of characters, you also cut down on their amount of beatdown potential. HOw are they supposed to win many battles when you exclude their mains.

Now on to game play.
First turn: Start off by getting out Palpy, DS2 Docking Bay, Rendili, and If you want Emperor’s Power. IF the opponent gives you 3 force, which does not happen very often, deploy a Miyoom if you have it in your hand. YOu may also deploy any effects or anything else you deem fit.

After that, you should get out a docking bay every turn, try to use miyoom, and then once they deploy beat the tar out of them. Now if they do not play very interactive you should deploy Search and Destroy to make them come down. Move Palpy down with hopefuly janus and force drain them. They should usually lose in the end if you play smart.

Now on to the cards-
Miyoom- Completely broken card. Get rid of all their mains and just eat away at them. HOw many good characters do you know that arent male(excluding Daughter and Tawws).

Monnok- Great card. Kills speaders, Swarms, Eloms, and many other decks. If they do deploy yarna just battle them off a battle ground site then alter it. Before you use, you should use miyoom to see how much damage you will deal.

Masterful Move- gets out monnok. recyclable destiny 6.

Sense and Alter- these are great cards. you may say that i need more but please dont. there is only one other person besides me in my area that even uses these in decks, and they usually only use them in their dark side decks. I dont need more and this number has proven sufficient.

Battle Plan- deploy a ship at rendili. it will really help.

Emperor’s Power- This is a great card. I dont see why it is in every BHBM deck. add a destiny that is huge. But be warned, it only works if you are good at tracking desinies. YOu dont want ot forfeit the top card, have it be a 6, then draw two 1’s for destiny.

First Strike- You are going to be initiating most of the battles, so this will really help you. It is the only way you can retrieve force in this deck.

Characters and weapons- These are pretty self-explanatory.

Circle is now Complete- This card is great. It can usually easily get rid of Obi and deal them some damage. Then Obi and Luke will be useless.

You Are Beaten- Just another way to beatown on your opponent.

Id Just as Soon Kiss a Wookie- Same as You Are Beaten.

The sites- I have 2 force drain for 2 sites other than the docking bays. They are both interior so that speeders cant go there.

Cards I would like to add (in order)-
61. Sec. Precautions- this is a great card, but i do not have it because i am literally the only one that plays HB in my area

62. Something Special Planned for them- this card is also great but is not always usefull

63. Maybe some more Sense and Alter- Just because it gives me the edge over the opponent.

Now on to the Matchups-

Profit: This will be a tough matchup. You will want to start Boba and Mara if you do not suspect a beatdown. otherwise nothing. You should come down fast and just destroy them. Try to win battles, and circle Obi, and Captrue Luke. Since these are major players in this deck it will greatly hurt it.

TIGIH: Just deploy some non-vader characters and beatdown luke. try to win battles then deploy vader. they will give you luke then you just want to try to Turn him to the dark side.

EBO: I would like decree in here for this. I have played many with out Decree and i have done just fine, but i would like it in here just incase. Just Deploy and drain them. get out Search and Destroy. Also Battle plan. All you have to do is play smart.

Eloms- Use monnok. use Sense and alter. this game will not be that tough.

Speeders: they are very strong. just go to the interior sites and drain. Use monnok. YOu should be able to beat this, unless you play stupid and set your self up for a beatdown.

Now on to the not so played matchups

HB: Try to win a few battles in space and Probe. It would be good to have Sec. precs. but i dont. If this is popular in your area use it. It can be a game winner.

MWYHL: This is a deck that i would like to have something planned for them, so that i can stop those dang On the Edges. they are so powerful after Jedi Test 5. Just play smart and dont set yourself up for a beatdown. Just drain away. this will be tough.

Now thats it. I hope you liked this deck. I think it is good and it helped me come in 3rd at my last tourney. Please give me suggestions on ohw to make it better.

Thanks,
AL 