---
author: David "JWRP119" Monteiro
title: SoroSuub V-35 Lowriders
side: Light
date: 2000-09-24
description: This deck uses the new Jabba’s Palace Sealed Deck cards.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Raider Deck.deck

Start:
Agents In The Court/No Love For The Empire


Characters (21)
Arleil Schous  x2
Captain Han Solo  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Palace Raider  x9 (Your Species)
Shasa Tiel  x2 (Starting Representative)
Ben Kenobi
Tessek	x2

Devices (2)
Landing Claw  x2

Effects (8)
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Do, Or Do Not (Start against BHBM and HD)
Order To Engage
Ounee Ta (Start against ROps instead of DoDN)
Uh-oh! (Start)
Yarna d’al’ Gargan (Start with Objective)
Your Insight Serves You Well (Start)

Interrupts (8)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x3
Rebel Barrier  x2

Unknown Type:
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber (Start)
Jabba’s Palace: Entrance Cavern
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route (Start)
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Lars’ Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Mos Eisley

Vehicles (9)
SoroSuub V-35 Landspeeder  x9

Starships (5)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Liberty
Millennium Falcon x2 

Strategy: 

**READ THIS**	As I have found out recently from Juz, Raiders are not considered Ishi Tibs, which in my opinion is ridiculous. Please don’t rate this deck poorly because of my mistake, at least look at the concept and rate it on that. Thank you.



First off - I have asked around and people have said that the Palace Raiders are considered Ishi Tibs *** Straight from the Glossary --  Some characteristics are obvious based one commone Star Wars knowledge and observation (e.g., Leia is female, and thus is unnecessary to print them on certain cards.

I would really appreciate it if you didnt rate this deck like @#$% just because the cards arent out yet. You know what the cards do and youve seen them. If you havent goto www.decipher.com and see them, then come back and rate this deck. This deck is a prototype of what I think could be a strong deck.

Ok. You start with the new JPSD objective Agents in the court/No love for the Empire. Use Shasa Tiel as your Ishi Tib Rep. Get out Audience Chamber with the Obj at the start and also Yarna. Use Heading for the Medical Frigate to get your 3 effects (specified in the card list).

Pull Bo Shuda fast with your AC text and keep Shasa there and with Uh Oh they cant mess with you. Get Tessek out as fast as you can, he allows you to activate more, drain more, and makes your Raiders deploy -1. You Will Take Me To Jabba Now will help get him faster and pull your Raiders. Also, use the Wind Chimes to pull Raiders. You have reacting speeders with them getting their own destinies, adding destinies, and a destiny from the Objective.

Why the sucky landspeeders?

With the Palace Raiders piloting them they are Power 3 reacting vehicles AND get their own destiny. Just like the RalOps AT STs you can drop one at each site and react to battles at other Tatooine sites. So with 2 Raiders in the speeders you have Power 6 and multiple destinies with a forfeit total of 8 per Raider in Landspeeder. Pretty sweet.

Why all the locations?

Youll want to spread and drain. Its doubtful that they will beat you down for a whole lot. Youve got Barriers and reacting Raiders (dont spread them too much).

The retrieval in the deck is awesome when you get the objective flipped, it might take you a while, but youll get it. You keep getting back Raiders and then when you need, use Wind Chimes on them to get back Landspeeders and stuff. Shasa is really good as she allows you to kick back at the AC with Tessek and harass opponents force pile while adding to your Raiders forfeit. If the opponent decides to hang around they lose to Order To Engage. Just dont put any Rebels at JP sites.

Against deck types:

-Ral Ops-
Start Ounee Ta instead of DODN and go mess around on Raltiir. The new effect competely rapes them. Have Tessek and Shasa at the AC with Uhoh and Bo Shuda and your Raiders will be dropping free all over Raltiir. You really shouldnt have a problem with RalOps.

-BHBM-
This is what the Jedi Luke is for. Get him to Vaders site fast and start making them lose. When they battle your speeders react, and react with all of them so you wont be losing battles. If you have your obj. flipped youll be drawing around 3 destinies.

-Hunt Down-
This is gonna be your toughest match up. Get Jedi Luke and Ben Kenobi in the Landspeeders so they keep HD flipped and flip Agents in the Court ASAP. You dont always need to have the Raiders in the speeders to flip, but once you do, keep em in there. Visage will hurt them more than you because youll be retrieving Raiders every turn, not to mention Wind Chimes.

-Ties-
Drop a Wind Chimes for I Hope Shes Alright if you wish. This is another hard match up. You have to potential to out drain them. Pick your battles in space and dont set yourself up for ambushes. Order to Engage and Barriers will be huge in this match up.

I think this is really a solid deck and I would greatly appreciat CONTRUCTIVE reviews. Thanks alot.

David Monteiro	  