---
layout: archive
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! "Pure Rumors Space v 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-08
description: ! "This deck (just like the first), uses the massive drains of Rumors and the space power of Big Blue to win games."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)

Corulag
Coruscant
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Landing Platform
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex

Starships (11)
Avenger
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Devestator
Dreadnaught x4
Executor
Vengence

Vehicles (7)

Blizzard Walker
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6

Characters (14)

Captain Lennox
Captain Needa
Commander Desanne
Commander Igar
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
DS-61-2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Officer Evax

Effects (11)

Battle Order
Broken Concentration
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage x2
Ominous Rumors
Oppresive Enforcement
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts (6)

I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookie
Masterful Move
Monnok x2
Trample
Twi'lek Advisor

Weapons (1)

Vader's Lightsaber

Objective (1)

Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost '

Strategy: '

I do NOT try to flip the objective, I just use it for the force generation start and the ability to pull Rumors from the reserve. The extra Endor site is a good drain site, and a way to spread Rumors to another system. The systems are all of the drain 2 systems and drain -1 systems, except for Coruscant which is good for activation and for converting the LS version. All of the ships have ablility 2 permanent pilots, and some of them have immunity. The walkers are my own personal preference. Since you have to have Arnet in here (stops reacts) you should put in his AT-ST. Marquand and Watts on Tempest Scout 2 or the Blizzard Walker give you an added destiny. The others have ability 2 permanent pilots. The 2/2 pilots in here are personal preference, please don't argue with me about them. Tarkin and Vader are more ground power, and can go in space as well. Most of the Effects are in there to counter other strategies, which I will get into

MWYHL Start Broken Concentration to hinder testing. The two Lateral Damages will come in handy if they are playing Super Falcon. Otherwise, your walkers can hold the ground and your ships can drain in space.

Mains and Toys See above but start Imperial Arrest Order.

Operatives This deck rips up Operatives. Start Battle Order. That will slow them down incredibly. Then get out Imperial Decree which will kill their drains. Then outdrain them in space. IJASKAW is my way of dealing with Landing Claw. If they get attached, apply Rumors to a different system and outdrain them in space.

Hidden Base This deck also rips up Hidden Base. The Monnoks and Dengar take out X-Wing Swarm. Otherwise, you can set up your drains in space and beat them off wherever they go. They never suspect the second Lateral Damage  )  Start Security Precautions. Your high drains will force them to flip somewhat early. Then just probe away and let SP do its work.

Anything else? Don't worry about it. If numbers is prevelent in your area, sub in a Resistance. You almost always occupy the 3 battlegrounds. You can also use Tortures, but that takes up more space. I really can't think of anything else so enjoy As always, if you have any questions about my deck, drop me a message BEFORE you review my deck. '