---
layout: archive
author: ! Jonathan "Vanshitoo" Ballin
title: ! "court of the vile kalit/jawa rampage"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-13
description: ! "this deck drains for alot cancels drainsand eliminates opponents"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'starting
agents in da court
uhoh
do or do not
HFTMF
hutt trade route
audience chamber
representativeKALIT

locations
tosche station
db94
hutt canyon
jawa camp
jundland wastes

characters
Kalitx3
tessek
aved luun
ardon crell
moisture farmer
thedit
lando with axe
palace raiderx2
jawax14
obi-wan with chopper
luke JK
boushh
artoo

Blue
skiffx2
racing skiff
home 1

green
vaporatorx2
hydroponics station

Interrupt
nabrun lieds
the signal
you will take me to jabba nowx2
nar shadda wind chimesx2

Effects
bo shuda
underworld contacts
brgainning table
jawa siestax3
a gift '

Strategy: '

the strategie for this deck is pretty much get
tessek and kalit to audience chamber early deploy
masses of jawas and BD adders on some skiffs at one
site put non unque jawas at each site put crell and
vaporators drain for a @#$ while under protection
of reacts. when set up i can drain for
unmodifiable 6 at jundland wastes. when under
attack i deploy in the masses and ruin my opponents
army. this deck can also cancel good drains and
has retrieval. trample is not a big threat since
i have so many jawas, dr.E can be annoying also imperial
command is a pain-i cant draw more than one BD.
	all decks are repectable but this can make
them look like fools. everyone underestimates the
powerof the jawas. against court/my kind oscumm
i out battle them and attack thier core. i can
usually outlast and outbattle my opponent.
BHBM luke JK helps, i get to a fast drain and hurt
them from there. cant convert luke because battle
wins wont come easy for them.
hunt down. same strategie
d*2 set up faster than them and they die or u could be in
trouble
dark deal cancel drains, invadeCC and they could
be in trouble. i’ve played many, never lost against one..
(note take out moisture farmer and add rennek for bubo
protection)

JAWAS R FOR REAL
thanks for reading (please review)	'