---
layout: archive
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! "My Third Profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-15
description: ! "I swear, this is at least the third Profit deck I’ve posted But they aren’t revisions, they’re completely different decks, so enjoy this Running Profit."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 8
You Can Profit...
Han Solo
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Do Or Do Not
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations 6
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Home One War Room
Hoth Echo War Room
Tatooine Cantina x2
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Starships 5
Home One
Independence
Lando in Millenium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Characters 13
Ben Kenobi x3
Boushh
Chewbacca
Han with Gun
Leia with Gun
Luke with Saber
M@#$%a Luke x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa

Effects 7
Bacta Tank
Disarmed
Honor of the Jedi
Mechanical Failure
Order to Engage
What’re You Tryin To Push On Us x2

Interrupts 18
Clash of Sabers
Fallen Portal
Gift of the Mentor
Grimtaash
It’s A Trap x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Narrow Escape x2
Quite A Mercenary
Rebel Barrier x2
Skywalkers
Sorry About the Mess
The Signal x2
Weapon Levitation

Weapons 3
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber x2 '

Strategy: '

Ahh Profit. It really is a fun deck to play, no matter how many people complain about it being all the LS can play (which just isn’t true). Anyway, this is your standard Running Profit, built to run like hell, fight when it wants to, and flip mad fast for m@#$% amounts of damage. A first turn flip is usually possible, preferably with Ben, or anyone else with evasion cards in hand (Narrow Escape, Barrier, It’s A Trap, Fallen Portal, etc). Your Insight should be used to ditch in case of Visage or Your Destiny, or can be ditched just to retrieve an extra card when you flip. The other starting effects are obvious. Do Or Do Not + Wise Advice + 2 Grabbers = I don’t worry about SAC. Yes, there is a lot to be Sensed or Altered. But when they go back in my deck, my opponent loses the card + 2 force, or gets grabbed to make them pay extra force, I don’t worry. The ships are the standard for holding any system. If you need to stall a Rumors deck for a few turns, you’ve got the ships. If you need to hold a system for Battle Order, you’ve got the ships. One quick note, do NOT deploy lightly in space against a TIE deck. They will beat on you. Deploy everything in front of their ships and use Order To Engage to the max. Lando in Falcon can get you an extra point of damage also. And now some notes about certain cards;

Grabbers So amazingly versatile. Can be used for extra, extra SAC protection, or can grab annoying interrupts like None Shall P@#$%, Barrier, Masterful Move, Projective Telepathy, Put All Sections on Alert, etc. A must for any Light deck, especially this one.

Mechanical Failure One of my favorite cards, and an absolute necessity in this deck. You don’t want Walkers walking (heehee) all over your Tatooine sites, or on their own planet. This can be used to invade Raltiir, or just to layeth the smacketh down. Use it, especially with all this IAO/Mob Points junk going around.

EPP Han You should never lose your first Han, but this one is just in case. I’ve played over 15 games with this deck, and I’ve only lost my original Han once, and I still won by 9. But it’s better to be safe than sorry.

Skywalkers More than just a destiny adder, a Barrier canceler. That’s why it’s so good. Use it if you’re playing mains, but no SAC

It’s A Trap It’s the only battle avoider that is immune to Sense. Very handy for backup. It also cancels Sniper, which can play hell (especially with Iggy) for this deck.

Weapon Levitation Cancels You Are Beaten, grabs one of your sabers, and one of your opponents? Sweet. Very useful for stealing Mara or Vader’s sabers, and also useful for not losing because of You Are Beaten.

And now, for some quick match-up tips;

vs TIEs This is one of those few bad matchups. Grab All Power to Weapons right away. Don’t deploy lightly in space or you will get spanked. Beware of Lateral Damage. Put your ships in front of their small ones and let Order To Engage do it’s work. Hard, but winnable

vs BHBM Do NOT free Han with Luke You will lose the game Beware of SAC, so be ready with a grabber, and prepare to bait some Senses out so your evasion cards stay safe. Ben with Saber can’t be Obsessioned, so don’t worry there. Free Han (not terribly hard), flip, and drain heavily. Kill the Emperor if he’s just sitting on the DS2, but otherwise stick to your planet and drain. Use Luke for one big battle, but be aware that Vader could pick him up eventually.

vs HuntDown Nobody plays this around here anymore, and I’m glad they don’t. This isn’t an auto-lose like some people will tell you, but it’s very tough. If this is prevalent around you, add two more spies, and add dueling protection. You can’t afford to lose Ben or Luke. Be safe. Run away if you are even unsure. Barrier Vader and run like mad. Use Nabruns to keep away from dueling. It will happen if you aren’t careful. Play safe and you can win.

vs ROPs Flip fast and spread fast. Your speed will win the game. Not many ROPs play SAC, but if they do, you can handle it easy. Invade Raltiir when it’s necessary. Their beefed up destinies will make it easier to take out Han, so Nabrun over with Ben + someone else. Mech Failure can win you the game. Use it wisely. Other than that, spread and drain.

vs Rumors Crap. This is probably your worst match-up, mainly because of lack of too many spies. If they spread quick, they can beat you, especially if Chiranue hits the table. Your best bet is to play your game as quick as you can, and interfere with his when you can. Set up a couple ships at different (or the same system, depends how desperate you are) systems, and hold the Spiral in your hand. However, beware of Nemet Basically, do damage early, get into the Bunker if you can, and pester him in space. This is definitely winnable (I’ve done it twice), but you need to play smart, and hope he doesn’t draw Merrejk opening hand.

Well, that’s about it. Enjoy the deck, and if you have any questions, d-mail me at RexBanner7. Later. '