---
author: Ryan "CmdCorranH" Austin
title: Air Force One
side: Dark
date: 2000-06-13
description: This deck has some super drains while totaly destroying it's opponent's drains as well as delivering some BIG beatdowns.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Objective (1)
ISB Operations (obj)

Locations (9)
Coruscant (starting)
Kiffex
Endor x2
Kashyyyk
Death Star
Corulag
Carida
Kessel

Characters (7)
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Probe Droid
ORS x2
Chall Beakon
U-3PO

Starships (18)
IG-88 in IG-2000
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckess in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x3
Executor
Avenger
Devestator
Dreadnaught x3
Tie Defender Mark 1 x4

WEAPONS (2)
SFS Laser Cannon x2

Effects (13)
POTF x2
Secret Plans
Resistance
There is No Try
Undercover x4
Lateral Damage x2
Reactor Terminal
Oppressive Enforcement

Interrupts (10)
Twi’lec Advisor x3
Shut Him Up, Or Shut Him Down x2
Masterfull Move
Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us x2
Imperial Barrier x2



Strategy: 

NOTE: EVERYONE this is not an ISB ground deck. I don't even usally FLIP the objective. The obj just makes it so I can use some good charectors as undercover spies instead of alot of Probe drods (stinky). Please take this into account when U rate this. THANKS


<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Start for this deck is Coruscant, Twi*lec Advisor, & an Effect (I will say what to start against different kinds of decks in the deck strategy section).
Get going by setting up some space drains as well as getting undercover spies down to block force drains. Now most people only play with 1 Sorry About the Mess to take care of undercover spies (if they even have it) and even with this card they only toast one spy (you still have 7 others). With their drains gone and you draining for a nice amount in space their only choice will be to come to you. At this point just pound them with your heavy space (or if they don’t come to you then drain them out) and nasty cards (SFS laser can even take out Falcon). In case you haven’t noticed almost all my ISB agents are pilots; hence they can help out in space when you need them. Also, if you can get the objective flipped (not a big deal if you don’t b/c the object is not focused on flipping) you can retrieve the ISB agents you lose. The 2 Shut Him Up, Or Shut Him Down are to cancel Death Star Plans (and Bacta Tank), M.M to cancel Savip, and Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us is to cancel Landing Claw. If you play a space deck use barrier to help choose the battles.
BTW, if X-Wings Swarm is popular in your region just add Crossfire, which, combined with all your starships will hurt bad.

AGAINST Profit: Start There is no try to stop any SAC they may have and try to get Oppressive Enforcement out quick. This will be the hardest match-up since the flipped side of their objective hurts. But you can drain for much more then they will be able to since you have undercover spies down. The key is to get set up before they flip. You do that and you’ll win.

AGAINST MWYHL: Start Presence of the Force on Coruscant and try to get Secret Plans out ASAP. If they are testing then just drain away (will kill them) and watch out for test 2. If it’s mains and toys then just kill their drains and crush them with your drains.

AGAINST Ops: This deck you’ll see about once every million years but I may as well cover it. Start POTF on Coruscant and get spies down to their sites to stuff their drains. After that get your draining moving and just wait for them to move. If they don’t have any starships (or just Red/Gold Leader) then you’ll have an easy win. If they put ships in the air just crush them and continue your healthy drains to victory.

AGAINST NEW EBO deck. I haven’t been able to play test yet but here is what I think U should do. Get spies down (with undercover of coarse) to hoth to block their drains and them focus on only draining at a few sites. When they make their move be careful and chose your battles. If you don’t play sloppy you should be able to win.

AGAINST NEW RTP: This shouldn’t be to hard if you can chose the battles (this is where Imp. Barrier comes in VERY well). Get spies down to block drains and use Shut Him Up, Or Shut Him Down, to cancel DSP’s. Then just drain away to victory.

AGAINST HB: Just like EBO don’t spread to thin and chose your battles (again barrier rocks). I don’t have SP because flipping HB is so rare in my region and I have enough ships to just probe any-ways. Shouldn’t be hard to win.

Thanks for reviewing and just in case your wondering why I didn’t write any strategies about OMDH & revolver decks, well it’s because I think their days are over b/c of the new D* obj.

