---
layout: archive
author: ! joe "brangus" horbey
title: ! "Horbey s D2 HuntDown"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-18
description: ! "This is a typical huntdown deck with a few D2 Twists."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/The...

Locations(7)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Docking Bay
Endor
Kashykk
Kiffex
Sullust

Characters(11)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x6
Dr. Evazan
Mara Jade x2

Starships(9)
Dreadgnout Heavy Class Cruiser x7
Boskk In Bus x2

Interrupts(23)
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Vader's Obssesion x2
Overwhelmed x2
Focused Attack x2
Unexpected Interruption
Imperial Barrier x2
Masterful Move x2
Twi'lek Advisor x5
Elis Helrot x2
Prepared Defenses (Start)

Effects(8)
Expand The Empire
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Lateral Damage x2
Oppresive Enforcement (Start)
Battle Order (Start)
You Cannot Hide Forever (Start)

Epic Events(1)
Epic Duel















'

Strategy: '

Take out Lateral Damage and a 1 dreadngout and add 2 Visages


I kinda threw this one together after the prerelease...and it surprisingly does well.

TECH

Expand The Empire on Holotheatre-

Get Emperor Down and play ETE on Holotheatre. You now have +4 generation, +6 if get out the Docking Bay. I think 11 force for 3 locations is good personally....

Strategy

I put in a lot of Twi'leks so you can get out the ETE Combo, and POTF down to the meditation chamber with Vader so you can flip. Get Vader and the Emperor together at the meditation chamber, and duel whatever comes at you. Use Mara offensivly to clear sites. She should be able to do this with the high destiny. Develop a presence in space with the Dreadngouts and use Bossk for beatdown only.

More than anything else, this deck is fun to play. I did not create this to play at tournaments, but it will be viable if you use it.'