---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: ! "New Age Throne Room w/o Mains "
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-06
description: ! "Uses non-mains scrubs to dish beatings."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff(5)
Yavin 4 Throne Room
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Strike Planning

Locations(11)
Tatooine Cantina
Endor Backdoor
Endor Landing Platform
Yavin 4 War Room
Hoth Echo War Room
Hoth Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Endor
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Home One War Room

Characters(25)
General Madine
General Solo
General Calrissean
Nien Nunb
Chewie with Gun
Kal Falnl Cndros
Colonel Cracken
Hnemthe
Bothan Spy
Talz
Wiosela
Ackbar
Haashn
Oola
Major Panno
Major Olander Brit
Tawss Khaa
Melas
EPP Leia
EPP Luke
EPP Obi
Momaw Nadon
Wedge Antilles
First Officer Squid Person
Orrimaarko

Ships(2)
Home One x2

Effects(10)
Wise Advice
Do or Do Not
Revolution
Grabber
Goo Nee Tay
Traffic Control
Demotion (TECH)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Order to Engage

Interrupts(7)
The Signal
Tunnel Vision x2
Transmission Terminated
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Fallen Portal x2
'

Strategy: '

Okay, I made this deck after looking at Mike Raveling’s Throne Room deck. I agreed with his idea that lightside mains suck, Leia vs Hunt Down does nothing, Obi gets Circled, Luke gets captured with BHBM, and that leaves lightside with a small character base. I decided to add more red than his deck and add some Mon Cal dudes. I present to you my heavily modified (in red section) Throne Room deck. Same start every game. You always go first so pull a 1/0 docking bay and put a scrub there for force. Deploy and twix sites you get and then it is their turn. 1st turn Goo Nee Tay is just awesome against Hunt Down and BHBM keeping Palpy off table turn 1 or slowing down their deck. Just keep drawing and activating like mad and put Crix to a docking bay and pull scouts like Panno and Cracken to set up combos like Nunb/Lando and Panno/Olander Brit. Pull either Lando or Han with Staging Areas. Large number of spies plus a revo help you beat them down at their locations. Cantina and Backdoor are for drains, General Han can cancel a bd with another scout or Chewie so he is good. In space Home One loaded up with squid dudes and maybe Han/Chewie or Lando/Nunb is unstoppable almost. And yes Demotion is tech, works against Sim, Janus, Mara, and any other annoying guys. Works on Tarkin too so im cancelling draws with Vader is gone. Power 0 Janus is also not too good for your opponent. Here are tips vs certain decks.

SYCFA TIES Keep them out of Death Star DB and Battle Plan will slow them down. Load up Home One with your guy and battle in space. Grab APTW and drain on the ground. Not too bad I guess.

Hunt Down Get a quick start and invade the Executor. Don’t use Leia, Luke, or Obi but if it’s nonduel you could use Luke I guess but nonepic Circles are popular so I would stay away from Obi in those cases. Demotion Tarkin or any other annoying guy. Drain in spce with loaded Home One and battle him over the ground

BHBM Use suicde EPP Lukes early on if Vader isn’t out. Invade the Throne Room on turn 1 if you can to keep Palpy out. Should be simple if you get the right cards. Don’t let him win battles.

Scum Just activate alot and beat em everywhere. Should be tough but with Home One in space and mains and scrubs on the ground can be won.

Big Blue Use Home One in space, battle/drain on the ground. Not too bad considering the force you get.

That’s all the dark decks I can think of right now, just play smart and don’t get rushed and stick to your plan.

- Wedge231
http//www.tosche.f2s.com '