---
layout: archive
author: ! Michael "Yoda's Son" Adams
title: ! "So  you want to come to Ralltiir  do you"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-20
description: ! "Biker Scouts on Ralltiir"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Twilek Advisor
Biker Scout Gear


Locations (5)
Forest
Spaceport City
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Spaceport Street

Characters (19)
Biker Scout Trooper  x9
Boba Fett w/blaster rifle
Captain Piett
Darth Vader w/lightsaber
Dengar w/blaster carbine
General Tagge
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Imperial Squad Leader
Lieutenant Grond
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand

Vehicles (11)
Speeder Bike  x8
Tempest Scout  x3

Starships (2)
Devastator
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (10)
Abyssin Ornament
Accelerate  x3
Alter
Dark Jedi Presence
Elis Helrot
Go For Help
High-speed Tactics
Imperial Barrier
Sneak Attack

Effects (3)
Imperial Decree
Reactor Terminal
Resistance

Weapons (5)
Disruptor Pistol
Mara Jades Lightsaber
Speeder Bike Cannon  x3
'

Strategy: '

The key to this deck is speed.  Getting characters with vehicles out quickly.  The Scout Gear as a starting, keeps you safe from Scramble.	Basically you want to dare them to come to you.  If they do come, then you have plenty of weapons to help even up the odds against the mains.  If they are playing space, then youre probably going to be hurting, but with your objectives adder and the two ships, you should be able to hold down Ralltiir at least.  Make sure to keep extra force handy to react bigtime if they do come down.
This is basically just an idea deck and not what I play.  I play a Court deck in tournaments, but have been thinking of switching.  Thanks for your input
'