---
author: Mark "Ar2Dee2" Zoran
title: Another Rebel Strike Team? EvilDoers Beware!
side: Light
date: 2000-10-04
description: Power at Endor in First couple of turns.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:7
Rebel Strike Team
Endor
Rebel Landing Site
HFTMF-
(this depends on opponent!!!)
YISYW*
Insurrection*
Wise Advise
Do, or Do not
Strike planning*
(*=always)

Locations:5 (besides above ^)
Landing platform
Bunker
Back Door
Forest
Home One: War Room

Characters:20
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
LSJK
Daughter of Skywalker
General  Solo
Obi w/Lightsaber
General Madine
Sergeant Junkin
Major Panno
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
Tycho Celchu
Corporal Midge
Major Olander Brit
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Lieutenant Page
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Beezer
Orrimaarko
R2-D2(Artoo-Detoo)-New Hope
Wuta

Weapons:5
Luke’s Lightsaber
Jedi Light Saber
A280 Sharpshooter Rifle
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Chewbacca’s Bowcaster

Interrupts:8
I know X2
The signal
This absolutely Right
Fly Casual
Fallen Portal
Shocking Info.
Punch it!

Effects:7 (besides above ^)
Close air Support
I wonder who they found
That&#8217;s one
Count me in
I’m with you too
Projection of a skywalkerX2

Starships:6
Gold Leader in Gold One
Red Leader In Red One
Independence
Tala Twins (1 and 2)
Lando In Millennium Falcon



Strategy: 

Overview:
Always start with Strike Planning, Wise Advise, and YISYW. The other effects are optional on which to use if need
be! Use Strike P. to get out Han and Crix- Crix to get Chewie (and other scouts), to get Wuta, to get sites, to flip the
Objective!
On the first turn get Madine, Han, Chewie, and Wuta.(Madine and Han before activating or on opponents turn and
yours !!!!!!)
Also lose YISYW to get "I wonder who they found" for Han.
Now that the first turns are over CONTROL ENDOR!!!!!!! Get out scouts with Crix! And get out The Bunker. If
opponent is force draining you lose ability 1 or 2 scouts you can get them back if you flip, DO NOT lose too many
though!
I know comes in handy when Han "accidentally" is left alone at a site! Hi Leia, and what do you have with you? Mr.
Lightsaber! Get over here "Chop, Chop!"
These Starships are here for protection of Tala twins. Nobody needs to lose those Battle bonuses from Close Air
Support!!
Independence may be changed for Liberty (it goes to the used pile if lost in a battle).
Where I am at M&#8217;iiyoom Onith is big! Don&#8217;t know why. Well use shocking Info. it get’s the Onith out! Or if opponent
isn’t using MO use it as a recyclable 5!!
I know "IWWTF" is hard to play but you can’t ignore the bonuses. Evildoers Beware!!
Keep R2-D2 at the Landing Platform, Back Door, Or Bunker. Why?	R2 says: if at a Scomp link when opponent
draws destiny of: 1-3 Activate 1 force----------4-6 may draw the top card of reserve deck into hand. Can’t argue with
that.

