---
layout: archive
author: ! Charlie "Bad Player" Herren
title: ! "Team Machine Musicians  post-JPSD"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-21
description: ! "The post-JPSD version of the musician deck that I played at worlds."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
[STARTING CARDS]
Effects
   1x Oppressive Enforcement
   1x Power Of The Hutt
   1x You Cannot Hide Forever
Interrupts
   1x Prepared Defenses
Locations
   1x Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
   1x Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
   1x Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon

[CARDLIST]
Characters (24)
   2x 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
   3x Ak-rev
   1x Barquin D’an
   1x Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
   1x Dengar With Blaster Carbine
   1x Djas Puhr
   1x Dodo Bodonawieedo
   1x Ephant Mon
   1x Greeata
   1x IG-88 With Riot Gun
   1x Jabba
   1x Kithaba
   1x Lirin Car’n
   1x Lyn Me
   1x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
   1x Nizuc Bek
   1x Rappertunie
   1x Rystll
   1x Sy Snootles
   1x Tech Mo’r
   1x Umpass-stay

Effects (11)
   1x Ability, Ability, Ability
   1x Blast Door Controls
   1x First Strike
   1x Hutt Influence
   1x No Escape
   1x Resistance
   2x Scum And Villainy
   1x Search And Destroy
   2x There’ll Be Hell To Pay (Immediate)

Interrupts (10)
   1x Elis Helrot (Used)
   2x Imperial Barrier (Used)
   1x Masterful Move (Used)
   1x Monnok (Used Or Lost)
   1x Operational As Planned (Used or Starting)
   1x Point Man (Lost)
   1x Sniper (Lost)
   2x Twi’lek Advisor (Used Or Starting)

Locations (3)
   1x Coruscant Docking Bay
   1x Death Star II Docking Bay
   1x Executor Docking Bay

Objectives (1)
   1x Court Of The Vile Gangster

Starships (4)
   1x Boba Fett In Slave I
   1x Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
   1x Dengar In Punishing One
   1x Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

'

Strategy: '

Updates

No, I don’t need more than 1 Umpass-Stay. Generally you’ll get one big beatdown off, do lots of damage with that, and end the game with drains and direct damage. More than 1 Elis Helrot is a bad idea. Most LS decks out there start Insurrection, so there is no point in depending on Elis Helrot. Sure, it would be nice if you could get your Elis off and apply the beats a 2nd time, but if you play it right, you don’t need to do that. I would rather play with a card that would help me more often than a card that isn’t nearly as useful most of the time.

This deck may look like a pile, but it works. If you need some form of proof, here’s a list of the people beaten by Team Machine Musicians (mostly pre-JPSD)
Chris Terwilliger, Bill Gordon, Jon Chu, Scott Anderson, Clint Hays, Mike Josem, and more that I can’t think of right now.

-------------


This deck isn’t quite the easiest deck to play. It takes time to get used to what each card does and such. Here’s a list of the important musicians and what they do

Ak-Rev Subtracts 1 from attrition against you at same site. Once during each of your control phases, may use 1 Force  to take one musician into hand from Reserve Deck; reshuffle.

Greeata Other Rodians deploy -1 to same site. Once during each of your control phases, may use 1 Force to take any Rodian into hand from Reserve Deck; reshuffle. While at Audience Chamber, all your other musicians are deploy -1 and forfeit +3.

Lirin Car’n For each other musician present, adds a ”cover charge” of 1 to the Force required to move or deploy each character to same site.

Lyn Me Subtracts 1 from deploy cost of bounty hunters at same site (Boba Fett deploys free). During battle, subtracts X from opponent’s total power, where X = number of your musicians present (+2 if battling Luke or Han, or +4 if both).

Nizuc Bec (not a musician, but important) Power +3 when present with your musician. When present at start of a battle, may cause one opponent’s character of ability < X to move away for free (or that character is immediately lost), where X = the number of your musicians present.

Rappertunie Where present, adds X to Force opponent must use to initiate battle, where X = number of musicians present. May target one non-droid character present in battle. Draw destiny. If destiny > defense value, target is power = 0 this battle.

Rystall Power and forfeit +2 at a Coruscant site. May retrieve 1 Force each time you deploy a musician to same site. Once during each of your turns, may use 1 Force to ’charm’ one male of ability < 3 present; male is forfeit = 0 for remainder of turn.

Umpass-Stay Spy. Power +2 at a Jabba’s Palace site. Each of your other musicians at same site is power +2 and immune to attrition < 3. Immune to attrition < 4.


Basically, you get out Ak-rev and fetch Greeata ASAP. Use Greeata to pull Dodo Bodanawieedo (also a Rodian) and use Ak-rev to pull musicians. Assemble a beatdown crew and either beat your opponent down or win via direct damage (Search and Destroy, Ability^3, Court objective).

Reason for starting COTVG and not MKOS or CCT
the direct damage potential of the deck, the fact that COTVG pulls 1/0 DBs from reserve.

This deck doesn’t need a lot of force to get going. With your musicians being deploy -2 each (Greeata and Scum), you can drop the Biggest Beating Ever (TM) for as little as 7 or 8 force, including a bounty hunter or two.

The barriers are there to protect the AC. They drop a character or two to the AC, you barrier one, then drop the beatdown next turn.

Matchups

vs. Profit
Practically auto-win. They will be forced to commit characters to the ground, and that is where you smash them. Start Ak-rev and Jabba.

vs. Agents in the Court
Ak-rev x3 should mean that you get one very early. If they play Bo Shuda, drop Ak-rev, Greeata, and Ephant in the AC. Cancel Order to Engage with Point Man and then retrieve it somehow (Barquin, Rystall, First Strike, Scum). If you are playing against Chadra-fans, keep in mind that Kabe can’t be deployed to the AC while you have Ephant Mon there (Kabe = thief).

vs. HB space (any variant), EBO XWings, Ketwol EBO
Don’t ditch You Cannot Hide Forever until you are absolutely certain that they are not playing odds. The Monnok could potentially help here. Use your ships and catch cards wisely. Keep in mind also that your musicians are each forfeit 5-6 with Greeata at the AC. Use YCHF to get Search and Destroy from reserve as necessary.

vs. baragwin EBO
Stay the hell away from the super-falcon if you can. Use your mad direct damage to attempt to out-race the retrieval. Otherwise, play as above.

vs. MWYHL
Get your direct damage rolling ASAP. Not a really hard matchup if you play it right. It is all about the speed of your setup. The fact that MWYHL decks give you a few icons to work with definitely helps here. Don’t pre-maturely deploy all of your musicians.. Save some for the beats just in case the opponent comes to the ground.

vs. Rebel Strike Team
They deploy guys to the ground, you deploy more powerful stuff for cheaper, therefore you win.

vs. TIGIH
Don’t drop Mara unless they drop someone else with Luke. The best thing to do is save for a beatdown and beat the shi.t out of Luke.

The key to this deck is the versatility. It can provide beatdown and lots of direct damage. Play smart and this deck will win you games.

Drop me a d-mail if you have questions/comments.

Charlie ”Bad Player” Herren    '