---
layout: archive
author: ! John "Artoo-Detoo" Tatta
title: ! "Court	Dr  E Presiding"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-14
description: ! "A complex Court deck that battles it's way to victory.  Lure opponent in, then pound them in one or two big battles."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective	(1)
Court of the VIle Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Characters (17)
Darth Vader w/Lightsaber x2
GMT
Mara Jade x2
Bossk w/Mortar Gun
Jabba The Hutt
IG-88 w/Riot Gun x2
4-Lom w/Concussion Rifle x2
Dengar w/Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan x2
Boba Fett (SE)
Salicious Crumb
Feltipern Trevagg

Weapons/Devices  (6)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Boba Fett's Blaster Rifle
Dr. Evazan's Sawed off Blaster
Feltipern Trevagg's Stun Rifle
Binders x2

Interrupts  (13)
Monnok
Elis Helrot
Sniper x2
Jabba's Through With You x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Masterful Move
You Are Beaten
Res Luk Ra'uaf x2

Effects  (16)
All Wrapped Up
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2
Oppressive Enforcement
Disarmed x2
Bounty x3
Image of the Dark Lord
Reactor Terminal
First Strike
Presence of the Force x2
Bad Feeling Have I
Scum and Villany

Locations (7)
JP Audience Chamber
T Sarlaac Pit
JP Dungeon
T Jabba's Palace
T Lars' Moisture Farm
T Jundland Wastes
T Cantina
'

Strategy: '

Now fella's, this is the deck I need the most criticism with.  My big question to all of you is this  Should I drop Court and go with a JP/Moisture Farm start?	Just give me some ideas on that.  Now on with the strategy.

The thing you have to remember the most with this deck, is to never over deploy.  What I do most of the time is on the first turn, slap Mara Jade to the Audience Chamber, then give her her stick.  You have a steady drain for two, and a very good battle character.  If your opponent comes down, you should have a few nasty characters and interrupts to make them pay.  The deck has gone 6-1 so far and is a lot of fun to play.

Against Profit  Start Mara Jade and Dr. Evazan in the AC.  Give Mara her stick ASAP.  Then, the good Doctor can do his stuff.	Don't be afraid to Disarm people.  That's what they're in there for.  Disarm, then operate right before a battle.  It works wonders, trust me.  Also against Court, getting rid of Han is your main priority.  And with all the capture cards and the two snipers, it shouldn't be that hard at all.  Once you rid of Han, the game is easily yours.

Against Throne Room  Get your IotDL out ASAP.	That way, they can't generate from their Y4 sites unless they throw a character down there.  Get JP oit ASAP.	With the AC and JP along with the Salaac Oit, that's 5 force they can't do anything about.  Most of the time, that's all you need.  If they don't come to your planet, they lose 1 force per turn.	That combined with force drains is usually enough to kill them.  Just be wary of hit squads.  They hurt in small numbers.  Speaking of numbers, I'm considering adding in a resistance to counter that strategy.  Numbers isn't popular around here, so I don't play one.

Those two decks are the most popular in my area, hence the strategys.  Tell me what you think guys.  A state champion can always use advice on decks.  )

- John Tatta
WV State Champion '