---
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: The Emperor’s TIE Interceptor Hell v2.1
side: Dark
date: 2000-12-14
description: Bring Him Before Me utilizing Emperor’s Power to, for the most part, always draw battle destiny. This version includes an unexpected numbers twist.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS - 7
Endor
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Sullust
Wakeelmui
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room

CHARACTERS - 3
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader
Tech Mo’r

STARSHIPS - 14
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
The Emperor’s Shield
The Emperor’s Sword
TIE Interceptor (x11)

WEAPONS - 2
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons (x2)

OBJECTIVE - 1
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place

ADMIRAL’S ORDER - 1
Fighter Cover

EFFECTS - 15
3,720 To 1
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Emperor’s Power
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Lateral Damage (x2)
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Sienar Fleet Systems (x2)
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Your Destiny

INTERRUPTS - 17
All Power To Weapons (x4)
Always Thinking With Your Stomach (x2)
Force Lightning
Frustration
Gravity Shadow
Prepared Defenses
Rise, My Friend
Short-range Fighters (x2)
Tarkin’s Orders (x2)
Twi’lek Advisor (x2) 

Strategy: 

Starting stuff:
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place, Death Star II: Throne Room, Your Destiny, Insignificant Rebellion, Prepared Defenses for Imperial Arrest Order, Mobilization Points, and Oppressive Enforcement

Object of deck:
First turn, you pull the D*2:DB, Emperor (deployed to DB), Emperor’s Power, and Wakeelmui.  Second turn, you’re activating at least 8 Force and are ready to roll.
This deck is a basic TIE deck w/ a BHBM twist.	Flipping the objective is non-essential, but can be done.
The setup is to get out all your systems (draw for them), then park Palpy at the Throne Room.  This allows you to add a battle destiny w/ Emperor’s Power everywhere.  With this, you could also park the Presence Of The Force and Vader there to get around Battle Plan and to make your opponent lose to Your Destiny.
The virtue of the deck is in not taking much Force drain damage.  Dreaded Imp Starfleet will save 1 drain w/ an Interceptor, Tarkin’s Orders will cancel drains related to systems you control and can cancel any little surprises, and ATWYS will make your opponent miss his characters.
After getting at least 2 Interceptors per system, you’ll be all set.  Your opponent will expire shortly after absorbing your big drains plus Your Destiny damage.	This deck has a winning differential of between 20-40.
Fighter Cover is in simply to get around opponent’s Admiral’s Order, plus can give your cannon-equipped TIEs a boost in power and ability to kill off opponent’s starfighters.
The Dreadnaught should help in a pinch buy boosting power and ferrying TIEs wherever they need to be.
The numbers angle of this version of the deck isn’t a necessity, but quite unexpected.  Frustration can work in conjunction with this to get some low-destiny cards on table.
Retrieval engine for this deck is Sienar Fleet Systems and Short-range Fighters.

Against a space deck, you are assured to win a large percentage of battles thanks to All Power To Weapons, Emperor’s Power and Lateral Damage.
Against a ground deck, all you need to contend with are the drains, which you can easily cancel.  Your drains should eat away at your opponent faster then their drains that get through the canceling.  You shouldn’t have to go to ground, but if you see a hole in their defense, Vader (if not already on table) can make short work of them and make them stack one on Insignificant Rebellion. 