---
author: Chris "anak1" Matt
title: Objectiveless-Tatooine Beatdown
side: Dark
date: 2000-04-04
description: With all these new objectives, I got pretty sick of them and decided to make an old fashioned tatooine deck.(I probably wouldn't take this to a tournament, so keep that in mind when reviewing)

rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(7):
Tatooine
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm
Jabbas Palace: Audience Chamber

Characters(22):
Darth Vader x3
Darth Vader, DLOTS
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin x3
Jodo Kast
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Djas Puhr
Prophetess
Mosep
Dannik Jerriko
U-3P0
Jabba the Hutt
Zuckuss
Bane Malar
4-LOM w/ Conc. Rifle
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
Lt. Pol Treidum

Starships(3):
Executor
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
IG-88 in IG-2000

Weapons(3):
Vaders Lightsaber x2
Mara's Saber

Interrupts(19):
You are Beaten
Unexpected Interruption
Moment of Triumph
Combat Readiness
Twi'lek Advisor
The Circle Is Now Complete
Elis Helrot x2
Alter x2
Sense x5
I Have You Now x2
Evader x2

Effects(6):
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
Tatooine Occupation x2
Security Precautions




Strategy: 

Pretty straightforward deck. I doubt it I would take this to my next tournament, but it may have a shot. Choose your starting wisely and dont forget to take advantage of the Combat Readiness. I usually start with Tatooine/Jabbas Palace and then pull Audience chamber on your first turn, but you may want to change this(Dont know why you would, but whatever). I have found that this deck gets characters on the table fairly quickly and shouldn't have a problem holding down sites. There is 2 evaders just in case Mr.Revolution rears his ugly head in. If you are playing Hidden Base, it might be wise to start with Security Precautions. This deck can probably be able to hold Tatooine and still have people left over to chase your opponent to other planets without a problem. Ephant Mon is pretty useful for keeping spies out of an important site(*cough* Boussh). Twi'lek for Tatooine Occupation ASAP because that will probably be what does the most damage. If your playing a profit deck, it might be wise to grab Secret Plans if you get the chance. The amout of ships in this deck is small because I don't see many where I play, but you can certainly remove some of the characters and throw in some more DS Star Destroyers or what not. Pol Treidum is great for taking out spies too. Most of this deck is pretty self-explanatory. And yes, I know cantina isn't in there, because I don't like giving the opponent that much force, but If you wanna throw it in there, you can probably make room.  