---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "Flexible HDADTJ Mains and Toys"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-19
description: ! "A Huntdown with some modification to make it flexible too most deck types."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

Locations (9)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor HoloTheator
Endor Backdoor
Death Star
Coruscant
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Kashhyyyk
Endor Forest cLearing
Hoth Defensive Perimeter

Characters (21)
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader x2
EPP Vader x2
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Dengar with Concussion Rifle
Dr. Evason
Jabba
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet

Weapons (2)
Vaders Lightsaber
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Starships (5)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught x2

Interrupts (11)
Twilek Advisor x3
Sense x2
Alter x2
Torture x2
Sniper
You Are Beaten

Effects (8)
Security Precautions
Visage of the Emperor x2
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Disarmed
Broken Concentration
'

Strategy: '

This is a very powerful version of Huntdown that is very effective against most decktypes out right now. It is very strong and there are not many holes in its strategy. With the sites I have enough battle grounds to flip the objective, but I dont give too much force to the opponent with all my non battle ground sites. If they deploy to a nonbattle ground site they might not be able to force drain due to CHYBC and I'll be getting enough force to send a massive beatdown down. It has many weapons to make Dr. Evazon very effective for major force loss. The Imperial Arrest Order is very powerful due to the number of ability 2 imps in my deck and to stop a Nabrun Lieds beatdown crew. Sense and Alter will mess up the opponents plans and sniper can cause for opponents characters and spies to be lost.

VS. Ops Deploy Battle Order and go down on the Renegade Planet and crush them not letting them flip their obj.

VS. MWYHL Start Broken Concentration to stop tracked destinies. Prepare for a beatdown so make sure you have enough power at one sites to stop an EPP party dead in its tracks.

VS. ECC obj Go down on Cloud City and control enough sites to stop them from flipping. Force Drain therew and get out Downtown plaza for walkers.

VS EJP Obj Start Mara and Ephant Mon if you dont think there is going to be a huge beatdown right off the bat. That way the cant move or deploy Boushh or lando there. Then set up more characters there to back them up and force drain.

I hope you like this deck and I would Love some Constructive Feedback. '