---
layout: archive
author: ! Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: ! "Dark Deal Dead On"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-27
description: ! "This deck is a major drain creater, with enough power to battle anything off its territory."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 7
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
IAO
YCHF
Crush The Rebellion

Locations 8
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Dining Room
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City East Platform (DB)
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Security Tower

Characters 17
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Bane Malar
Captain Sarkli
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Jodo Kast
Lando Calrissian
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Niado Duegad
Sim Aloo
U-3PO

Starships 11
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
IG-88 In IG-2000
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Vehicles 2
Lift Tube x2

Weapons 1
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Effects 5
Cloud City Occupation
Dark Deal x2
Reactor Termainal
Search And Destroy

Interrupts 8
Ghhhk
Imperial Barrier x3
Imperial Command x2
Scanning Crew x2
Weapon Levitation '

Strategy: '

Well, Rops died, so I wanted to find another heavy ground power deck that could drain for large amounts of the opponents cards.  This is it.  For the light side, This deal really DOES get worse all the time.  The deck is meant to battle on ground and in space.

The setup is fairly standard.  Secert plans is great against retrevial loops, profit, and MWYHL.  I start IAO to pull the docking bay and have 2 sites down right away.  YCHF goes for S&D or if that won’t affect anything, it’s numbers protection.  Crush the Rebellion is a great card.  Multiple destinies are a major pain.  You get plus two to yours, but 10+ attrition is not good.	This card makes sure none of that will happen.	It also could make a revolution player sweat a little wondering if you’re going for evader.

You pull your stuff, Bespin or Cloud City first turn, and then CCO and DD.  Your activation is usually good right off the bat.	When you search your reserve deck, make sure that you know if any sites are in your force pile.  If any are, draw up.  You should have no problem getting the needed characters and starships.	I’ve seen deal decks with non-unique troopers and such, but I think going with big mains is the right choice.  There are two DD’s in here.  Once you deploy DD, your opponent has an action before you flip your objective.  That means they can play Surreptitous (spelling?) glance and cancel the deal.  Well, if that happens, pull your second one, because no light deck will pack two glances just to stop this card.	Never pull your second one before you deploy the first however, as then you could get Grimtaashed and then you are in some trouble.  Get Cloud City Occupation out also, it’s the equivalent of another DD drain when in effect.  Flip, +4 power in battles and a +2 to destiny will let you use your mains and beat Luke and Co. off of CC while the BH’s hold the system and the cloud secter.

Vs. Hidden Base
Not a problem, even with all the different varients.  Five come to mind.
-If they play #’s, you’ve got YCHF.  Don’t lose it for S&D unless you are sure they are not playing #’s.  If they aren’t 9 times out of 10, S&D will be effective all game.
-If they play straight HB, you’ll still win.  They may cancel 2 drains for awhile, but CCO will make up the difference, and use your BH ships to probe their planets.
-HB mains, you’ll out power them, pure and simple.
-Hidden Ops, they’re drains won’t stand against you’res.
-If they’re Kessel running, in the 2 turns it’ll take them to make the run for 8-10, you’ll have drained them (and CCO) for quite possibly 20+.
***Remember  Once you flip, they can’t cancel your drains***

vs. EBO Their space drains will do damage, but you have enough space power to hold out, control at least one system, while DD takes it’s toll.  Tough, but you’ll win, in the endgame, Secret Plans will crimp their retrevial.

vs. TIGIH Let Luke come to you, then take him with Vader.  Don’t worry about getting crossed, as it will mean they have won 3, most likely 4, battles, and that won’t happen.  You’ll be able to beat them off your sites.

vs. RST RST decks for the most part drain on endor, hoping you’ll have to go fight them on their own ground.  Although it’s tempting to try and kill some teddy bears, stay on Cloud City.  You’ll be doing more damage to them then they you, so the tables are reversed.  That’s exactly what you want.

vs. Profit Secret Plans will stop an early retrevial of 10.  This is probably the toughest matchup, as they might be the one deck that could have as much to send to the fight as you do.  You will still do more damage, but watch out for the early attmept at taking over CC.  Use the Barriers and Scaning Crews every time you get them.	It’s very possible them might win you the game.

vs. MWYHL By the time they’re done desting turn 7-8, you’ll have DD down, CCO down, and be flipped.	With test 1, DD is limited, but is still worth another tarkin in battle, and CCO will be a decent substitute.  I’m not sure if when you flip, test 1 will matter anymore.	(I think it still effects DD)  Secret Plans will definately hurt them.

vs. RST Leia powered up is a force, but you have lots of characters.  Drain, and send wave after wave to knock her out.  It’s a game of battling.  That means you will probably come out on top.

vs. QMC This isn’t even funny.  If they win ONE battle you should cut up your deck. (kidding)  You should have a VERY easy time.	You’re space will definately kick them around, and all your characters will follow their example.

vs. AITC Never played one, so I won’t go into anything.

TDIGWATT doesn’t have as many do nothing and win anyway games, like poor Rops -( did.  However, it’s drain potential is a lot better, and it has just as much to offer with battling.  Remember all the cards and what they do.

-Everyone knows that DD adds 2 to drains, but they might forget the +4 in battles.
Once you flip, things like Menace Fades and TPIFF won’t work since your drains can’t be modified or canceled.
-Once you control Bespin, their characters and vehicles deploy +1 to CC sites.
-The +1 battling text on CC.
-Crush The Rebellion stops the multiple destiny adders.
-Secret Plans
-The +2 to destiny with the Objective.

Always use the scanning crews, and barriers are definately Awesome

May The Force Be With You '