---
author: Kyle "BurstGoat" Szklenski
title: Pseudo Old Skool again, with ALL cards this time!
side: Light
date: 2000-07-28
description: This is the version of my other deck that didn't have all the cards for some stupid reason. Stupid cut and paste doesn't even work!
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

While I Ponder Weak And Weary.deck - Wed Jul 26 10:52:50 2000


Start (5)
Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Scrambled Transmission

Locations (8)
Tatooine: Cantina
Cloud City: Landing Platform 327 (DB)
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Home One: Docking Bay
Kessel

Characters (23)
Biggs Darklighter
BoShek
Chewbacca
Corporal Delevar
Figrin D'an
Gran  x2
H'nemthe  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Han with Blaster x2
Orrimaarko
Romas Lock Navander
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Starships (4)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (11)
Clash Of Sabers
Glancing Blow
Houjix	x2
Narrow Escape  x2
Run Luke, Run!
Shocking Information
Smoke Screen  x3

Effects (9)
Menace Fades
Affect Mind
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage
Projection Of A Skywalker
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Wise Advice 

Strategy: 

It came about after waking up one morning thinking about the dark side decks using docking bays with Mobilization Points for mad activation. So though it only has force activation of 2 to start, it jumps up superior to anything quite quickly. The speed with which this deck can work is comparable to an ANSB/Dagobah/Yoda's Hut/mains deck, but this doesn't give them the three force from Dagobah and the 4th Marker. You don't even need to give them ANY force if you don't want. Here's how the beginning usually goes (for this simulation, we will assume the opponent gives no force ever):

Turn 1:
Activate 2
Search reserve for Home One: DB
Deploy Home One: DB
Deploy anonymous scrub for 2 to the DB
End turn

Turn 2:
Activate 5
Search reserve for Echo Docking Bay
Deploy Echo: DB
Deploy anonymous scrub for 2 to the Echo DB
End turn

Turn 3 against ROps:
Activate 8
If they've deployed their DB to Ralltiir, deploy yours. Otherwise, deploy a different DB.
End turn unless you feel you have enough to deploy a big main and hold on to him.

Turn 3 against Court:
Activate 8
Deploy Tatooine: Docking Bay and track your Cantina for drains
Deploy someone strong to the DB

Someone told me, "It gets terrible activation to start." I say, "It's much more economical, and just try it out. You are an idiot." Heh, he didn't believe me till I beat his ROps by 32 with hammering mains all over the place. You really can get swift activation, and then the deploying of your DB + Hnemthe + Goo Nee Tay on top of that is really a kick in the balls.