---
layout: archive
author: ! Jason "jade" Foss
title: ! "Jabbas Palace Mains"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-29
description: ! "Mains Deck that uses Jabbas Palace for activation.Please Review"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'My Kind Of Scum
Desert Heart
Jabbas Palace
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
Oppresive Enforcment

Locations[6]
Rendili
JP Lower Passages
JP Audience Chamber
Death Star 2 Docking bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Cloud city docking bay

Characters[16]
Lord Vader
Darth Vader[3]
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin
Bossk with gun [Rep]
IG-88 with gun
Commander Igar
Colonel
DR Evazan
General Veeres
Admiral Ozzel
Moff Jererrod
Captain Godherdt
Colonel davod Jon

Vehicles[4]
Blizzard 1
Tempest 1
Blizzard scout 1
Tempest Scout 4

Starships[8]
Zuckuss in Ship
Dengar in Ship
Boba in ship
Bossk in Ship
Devastator
Dominator
Dreadnaught class cruiser[2]

Interupts[7]
Dark jedi Presence
Bith Shuffle
You are Beaten
The Circle Is Now Complete
Elis Helrot
Sniper
Imperial Barrier

Effects[5]
Lateral Damage
Imperial decree
Secret Plans
Security Precations
There’ll be hell to pay

Whepons[3]
Vaders saber[2]
Maras saber
'

Strategy: '

  This deck uses the new DS objective to generate lots of force. It has the potential to battle and force drain.First turn pull the Audience chamber with the jabbas palace game text use the audience chambers game text to pull mara jade use her text to pull her lightsaber use IAO to pull the death star 2 docking bay also before you activate pull Rendili so you are getting 10 force second turn. Turn to drain for 2 at the audiance chamber pull the other JP site and a docking bay start deploy people at the battle ground docking bays that you can drain at. After you have a solid drain going be patient and wait till he make a mistake thats when you hit him for the battle damage. Try not to overdeploy early cause if you do you will have nothing left to hit him with.Maby just have mara and saber at the chamber and vader with stick at a docking bay draining for 4.

Card Explanations
There is hell to pay= I can grab a sense or alter card and make them pay to use another one plus it is a okay destiny that is’nt in his deck.

Security Precations= lots of HB decks showing up in my area helps against them can replace for somthing else.

Secret plans= Helps against retreiving decks.

Imperial Decree= shuts down EBO nuff said

Latarel Damage= Kills any deck that intends on deploying home one or any other big ship and leaving it alone.

Sniper= Say opponet has a luke and obiwan against my vader or mara i play the card slice up luke battle obiwan and slice him to peices.also makes quick work of undercover spys.

Elis Helrot= Provides me with some mobility after i deploy my heavy hitters.

Cicle is now complete= Take obiwan out of the game.

Dark jedi precence= Say I have vader against luke i deploy some scrubs play it and kick his @#$% with  power 4 plus scrubs.

Dreadnaugt= Ability 2 ship witch means i add a pilot and it automaticaly gets a destiny. just a all round good ship.

Dominator= Abilit 2 plus i can retreive it with rendili.

Colonel Davod Jon this guy is good to use  with Dark Jedi Precence.

Bossk with gun= I needed sombody for my rep.If you realy cara about having his ship to just lose one to a force drain or cange the rep.

Jererrod= 6 forfiet for 3 deploy aint bad but he also is a pretty good pilot.

Captain Godherdt= Adds 3 to power of what he pilots plus cancels landing claw.

Cards I would add if i had them or could find room for them.

3 more lord vaders would be nice but i dont have them.

Maby Executor ir you want

another mara couldn’t hurt but i dont have it

serch and destroy

Admiral Chrinue guy

Jundland Wastes

Precence Of the force

Emporer Palpatine

Over seeing it personally

Why I use the new objective?
I use it cause many people dont expect this they think im playing a regular deck so i guese i use it for the surprise factor.Also it is the only thing that lets me start jabbas pallace to pull the other sites out every site in the deck can be pulled some how. making it very eisy to get	better destinys.

Matchupts

Against Profit
Start bossk and DR E in the Audience chamber convert there audience chamber and depoy mara there get all your forces around the audience chamber wait for them to deploy and free han then move in for the kill never let up keep the presure on them so they cant start draining watch  out for te ne lando cause he rocks on tatooine.This should be a easy win.

Against everything else
Just go throug with your regular stuff against TIGIH pick luke up fast. just dont overdeploy and you should win the majority of the games you play. '