---
author: Alexander "Black Leader" Schwarz
title: Gangstas Paradise
side: Dark
date: 2000-09-24
description: Flip-Court that kills the opponent
with drains and massive Direct Damage
from Search & Destroy and Occupation.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
JP-Audience Chamber
JP-Great Pit of Carcoon
JP-Dungeon
JP-Rancor Pit
Tattoine : Cantina
Tattoine (System)
Death Star
Death Star II : War Room

Characters (18)
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Boelo
Jabba (SE) x 2
Mara Jade x 2
Dr. Evazan
Iggy with Gun x 2
4-Lom with Gun
Dengar with Gun x 2
Bane Malar
Boba Fett (Cloud City)
Ephant Mon
Gailid
Brangus Glee

Creatures (2)
Rancor x 2

Weapons (1)
Maras Saber

Starships (3)
Bubba in Slave One
Bossk in Bus
Buzzeyes in Misthunta

Interrupts (16)
Prepared Defenses
Trapdoor x 3
Oota - Goota, Solo ?
Projective Telepathy
Hutt Smooch
Sniper
Barrier x 2
Ghkk
Masta Move
Operational as Planned
None Shall Pass
Omni Box
Twilek Advisor

Effects (11)
All Wrapped Up (s)
No Bargain (s)
Oppressive Enforcement (s)
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Search & Destroy
Come here, you big Coward
Battle Order
Tattoine Occupation
Presence of the Force
Hell to pay

Objectives (1)
Court of the Vile Gangsta ... 

Strategy: 

Setup : Pull your ships each turn, fortify the
Audience Chamber asap and get S & V on the table.

Capture the opposition with your hunters, while
retrieving as much as possible .
Feed the captives to the Rancor.

Eventually setup S & D and the Occupation.

That and some drains should do him in.

Matchups :

Profit : Use Chall Bekan and Boelo as your
starting Aliens. Pull your Engineer first turn
to convert the chamber. Depending on how much
resistance you meet, you can deploy either Jabba
or Mara Jade and her weapon from Reserve.
Use Iggy to capture Han, when he is freed and
feed him to the Rancor. Since Profit Decks have
only a small battery of ships, you can drop your
three vessels on tattoine and get the occupation
out and running to finish him off.

If Order to Engage tech is common in your area,
pull the Omni Box for Pointman or include
Blast Door Controls.

MWYHL : Start with Secret Plans instead of
Oppressive Enforcement. Setup Search and Destroy
asap. Get your other battlegrounds out, to get
by Honor, and the system to get by BattlePlan .

Use Projective Telepathy to kill AFA .
If you setup the Occupation, make sure to go
with all of the ships - beware the Superfalcon !

If he tracks a destiny for Test five, wait till
before he wants to test, and then omnibox his
reserve. If he finally comes to you, use your
main strategy, eventually halting their last -
ditch - retrievel with the grabber and secret
plans.

TIGIH : Start with Battle Order, you dont want
to loose early on force through drains.
You can drop Oppressive Enforcement for this,
as it is likely that they wont have too much
sense, since they are already prohibited from
playing alter.
If you suspect speeder beats, use the Presence
to convert the dungeon into a third interior
battleground vs. Honor.
You might want to wait with the Occupation, till
they lost some X-Wings through drains and DD.

As usual, dont leave characters or ships alone
at a location, they will just get clobbered.
Use HuttSmooch and Sniper, as in all games to
get rid of Spies.

If they spread too thin on Endor, you can always
come with a beatdown. Dont forget Search and
Destroy and the Telepathy - look out for the
Falcon here, too.

Hidden Base : Start with Security Precautions
instead of either All Wrapped Up or O.Enforcement.
Which choice you make, obviously depends on
what your opponent does.

Try to start probing as soon as you have three
ships. After you found their hidden Base, move
the ships together to avoid any beatdowns.

If they play mains, use your usual capture -
feed strategy.

Should Kessel Run and Our most desperate Hour
be popular in your area, switch the Presence of
the force for an Alter.

Use Gailid to boost your drains and S & D to
fullest effect !


Ok, this are the common matchups in my area.

If you feel anything left out, dmail me.

Oh, the Operational as planned is for tracking,
reactor-terminal tech.

While youre at it, please review my new LS Deck
entitled Landos Casa - Thankyou for your time !!!


Black Leader
