---
layout: archive
author: ! bryce "khabarakh" leen
title: ! "These Troopers Are Getting More Anoying All The Time"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-28
description: ! "This deck is a cloud city dark deal deck with cloud city troopers and the infamous saber squadron."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF

Locations(10)
Cloud CityPort Town District
Cloud CityEast Platform
Cloud CityUpper Walkway
Cloud CityUpper Plaza Corridor
Cloud CityDowntown Plaza
Clouds x2
Bespin Cloud City
Bespin
Sullust

Characters (20)
Jabba The Hutt
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Bossk With Mortar Gun
Zuckuss
Cloud City Trooper x8
Baron Soontir Fel
Major Turr Phennir
DS-181-3
DS-18-14
Catpain Yorr
Commander Merrejk
General Tagge
Admiral Motti

Starships (9)
Conquest
Saber 1
Saber 2
Saber 3
Saber 4
Onyx 2
Obsidian Squadron TIE x3

Vehicles (5)
Combat Cloud Car x3
Cloud Car
Lift Tube

Interrupts (11)
Prepared Defences
Flight Escort
Double-Crossing,No Goo Swindler x2
Projective Telepathy x2
Trooper Assault x2
Elis Helrot
Imperial Barrier

Effects (4)
Imperial Decree
Battle Order
Combat Response
Dark Deal '

Strategy: '

This deck is a good drain, good power and good interrupt packed deck. If the troopers and the trooper assaults come into play you get power 4 characters that are totally immune to attrition.

EBO
When playing against EBO try to establish a presence at bespin and bespincloud city so that your opponent will not want to come and try to beat up on your starships. make sure you remember battle order so you are making your opponent use 3 force each drain unless they control a battleground site and system. also use projective telepathy in conjunction with battle order so your opponent must use 5 force to drain, or use it so they must use +2 force to battle or it is cancelled. set up on cloud city sites and get dark deal working for you. so far this deck has gone 8-0 to EBO decks.

Light Rep Decks
Play as if against an EBO deck by using battle order and projective telepathy to sometimes stop the the small 1 drains at the begining of the game unless your opponent uses 3 or sometimes 5 force. if your opponent uses nabrun leids be sure to counter with Double-crossing, No good Swindler and put down those troopers for free play the trooper assaults and get some real fine power.
spread your space evenly between sullust and Bespin so even if opponent has a very little space presence it will never bother you. '