---
author: Hayes "Hayes" Hunter
title: Hayes New Age Throne Room
side: Light
date: 2000-12-16
description: New Age Throne Room my way (with 13 Twixs)
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Home One: Docking Bay
Home One: War Room
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Kessel
Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

Characters (19)
Admiral Ackbar
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Harc Seff
Jeroen Webb
Kal’Falnl C’ndros
Lando With Vibro Axe
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Lieutenant Blount
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x3
Major Haash’n
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles

Starships (1)
Home One

Weapons (2)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber

Interrupts (20)
Alter  x4
Clash Of Sabers
Courage Of A Skywalker
Fallen Portal  x3
Gift Of The Mentor
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Revealed
Sense  x3
Sorry About The Mess
The Bith Shuffle
The Signal
Weapon Levitation  x2

Effects (8)
Goo Nee Tay  x3
Insurrection
Launching The Assault
Staging Areas
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well


Strategy: 

***deck edit/update #1*** sub-out 2x EPP Hans, Kessel, and a Goo Nee Tay (though it pains me to do it :) for 2x Capn Han, and 2x Falcon.  Why?  Well, hypothetically, if I knew my bro, or another of my rivals, were playing SYCFA TIES this is what Id do.  The Superfalcon coupled with SAC is enough to beat ANY space deck.  Plus, while drain 4 at Kessel is nice, and often forces the opponent to deploy prematurely to counter it, I can settle for draining them for 2 at Carida.

Ive also added some brief match-ups at the end, and Id like to personally thank Clint for such an insightful review.***end update****

***update #2*** Response to Timber.  First id like to say thanks for actually putting some effort into your review.  People, if youre going to give a deck low marks at least explain why (not so much for my benefit- I know the decks strengths/weaknesses- but for others). Anyway, with regards to BHBM, you seem to forget that I go first, and with a signal and 2x goo nee tays in the deck getting one out quick isnt hard.  So that 8 force you were talking about (assuming they can even deploy the emperor first turn) isnt going to do much more than get Lord Vader to the D*II DB.  You seem to think that this objective somehow magically eliminates obi-wan and luke from the picture- the thing is it doesnt.  First of all, I virtually always save force for my fallen protals specifically because of 1st strike, but besides that i have 3 sense and a courage to stop it.  Perhaps i didnt explain it well enough, but I dont give them luke so freely.  yes he will get captured- maybe for a couple turns even, but its really easy to get him back.	Hunt Down is better than BHBM vs this deck, because they wouldnt be able to deploy Vader first turn anyway, and they can be cautious by keeping him at the Ex:DB while they amass some forces.	Thanks again for the constructive review.***end update***



Well, this is my first submission to DeckTech (under my own screen name, at least), so Id like to take second just to introduce myself.  If you havent seen my page already I ask that you take a look; it gives some insight as to why Ive decided to join now, and it tells a little bit about me.  Next, Ill have you know all my decks will be submitted as Hayes ______, much like Brian Hunters decks all feature done RIGHT somewhere in title.	The implication of this?  Im not saying my deck is the best, in fact I can almost guarantee you that it isnt!  I just want to share with you the way *I* do things with the hope that you will learn from my insights and shortcomings.  Again, I urge you to read my page (maybe David should make an article of it?) to see why it is I am here.  And with that, Ill give you the low down on the deck

The Basic Concept:
Its incredibly simple really.  This deck wins games by letting you draw more, deploy more, and win more battles than the opponent.  How does it do it?	Well, what is the key to any game of Star Wars?  Ben Kenobi said it best: The Force is what give the Jedi his power.  There you have it.  This deck lets you activate an enormous amount of force and makes the opponent rely solely on his own cards for activation- punishing him for it.

The Start:
Always start the Throne Room, HFTMF, Staging Areas, and Insurrection.  Versus decks you suspect to have SAC youll want to start Wise Advice, and against everything else you will go with YISYW.  YISYW is a killer card.  Yeah its cool for reducing Vader and the Emperors forfeit value, or for stopping odds and what not, but Ive found myself using it to get the Home One a lot of the time.  What?  The Home One?  Yup, you can ditch this to get Launching The Assault, plop it down on their Carida (who doesnt play Mobilization Points?) and youve got yourself a Home One!
Now, remember how I said this deck has 13 Twixs (a Twix is a location that gives two for me, none for you)?  Well that was a bit of an exaggeration.  You see, there are only 6 Twixs, which means youll have pretty fair shot at getting one in your opening hand, but then there are 7 characters that can deploy to a docking bay for 2 force (or less in KalFals case).  So after you activate your force on the first turn youll want to pull the H1:DB to put on of those characters at, essentially giving you 2 more force (and the opponent none) hence another Twix.	The next turn youll want to pull the next docking bay, and from there youll just want to deploy your Twixs and start building your hand.

Card Selection (By Type):

Locations-
You have your starting location, 2 DBs to pull, 6 Twixs, and Kessel.  While Kessel doesnt really work well with the whole force denial thing, it can create a game winning drain very quickly in conjunction with Launching The Assault.

Characters-
11 mains, Orrimaarko, and 7 guys that go down for 2 or less (remember Ackbar deploys 2 to the Home One).  Nowadays its insane not to use 3 Jedi Lukes if you have them.  The rest of the mains are EPPs for card economy.  Lando With Axe is great thanks to the destiny in the deck (check the destiny section at the end) and cause hes a spy- dont worry about the deploy of 6, youll be getting plenty of force.  Prune Face, or Orri-broken, as Steve Brentson likes to call him, is just the man err prune.  From there I have an assortment of useful scrubs.  2 spies that go down for 2 a piece, God (AKA Harc Seff), old school Wedge, Kal, and the 2 squids.  All of them have unique abilities or excellent forfeit/destiny ratios.

Starships-
One, Home One  Hey it worked for Sean Connery! ;-)  Depending on your area, as in what you expect to play, you will probably want to add more (see the additive section).

Weapons-
2 sabers are all I need.  I split them so Leia can use one if needed.

Interrupts-
With this decks activation (read: ability to draw) 3 Senses and 4 Alters are enough to handle decks with far more SAC.	I went with more Alters to help with the destiny of the deck (again, see the destiny layout).  Since there arent many effects in the deck only one Signal is called for.  Weapon Levitation is huge!  It lets you get that saber you need after dropping 18 force worth of mains, but better yet it steals one of the opponents!  It also cancels YAB.	Bith Shuffle and Courage are there to deal with dueling.  No glancing blow because anyone smart who is dueling would never initiate without disarming them first.  Revealed and Fallen Portal are there to prevent that early game-winning Mara.  FP also helps with dueling when they rely on Tarkin to take out your destiny.  Gift of the Mentor to grab a saber or just aid the beat down.	Clash is huge.	Its won me many a game.  Sorry About The Mess is also cool for setting up beatings, or for stopping them from Disarming you.

Effects-
Theyre pretty basic.  Other than the starting stuff and LTA, which I went into earlier, there are 3 Goo Nee Tays.  This card has got to be one of the most powerful in the game. This decks ability to drop this card, before theyve even had a turn, can be devastating especially Vs BHBM or HDADTJ (go see how many characters youre playing that arent effected).

Destiny Layout-
After you pull your DBs, and excluding your starting stuff (assume YISYW):

0 | 7
1 | 13
2 | 4	 (24 below 3)
3 | 7	 (29 above 3)
4 | 16
5 | 3
6 | 3

thats pretty darned good.  Remember, the point of the Fallen Portals is not to kill Vader- its to take out that lone Mara or Tarkin, etc.

Additives:
A lot of people are going to say, why no battleground docking bays? or, why not add a drain site?  My answer:  Im not here to improve my deck, par se, Im here to show you how I play it.  Its my style to play off the opponents locations.  I can assure you in the games Ive played Ive had NO trouble draining.  If you want to try this deck out be my guest to throw something else in.  If you expect more space add some space support like the Falcon and Capn Han.  The first time I used the deck I was playing with the Falcon, but didnt find it very useful.  Other cards I was using but took out were On The Edge, Honor, and OOC.  Tunnel Vision is a great addition to the deck.

Track Record:
This variation of the deck has made it to one tourney, so its seen only 5 games ever, 3 sanctioned, 2 not (duh), all of which it won.  Sanctioned I went up against Steve Brentsons (2059) SAC-less BHBM and won by 20, my brothers (1954) SAC-full BHBM and won by 30, and Chris Beaulieus (1701) dueling HDADTJ and won by 30ish.  Non-sanctioned I had one practice game against Mike Pistones COTVG Miiyoom deck (hee hee! gotta love Goo!), and rematch with Brentson.

Match-ups: (Keep in mind this plays almost exactly like an old school TR deck, so you have to play more reactivley than not.)

Vs BHBM- This game is cake (I had to wait till after BosskHogg reviewed it before I could say that :).	Throw down a scrub to the H1:DB like always, then next turn Luke to it (for 3 force) and move the scrub (for free) to the Hoth:DB.  A first turn Goo Nee Tay really helps slow them down because it prevents the emperor from coming down first turn, and second turn sometimes.  Youll then want to slap down another scrub and send Luke to drain at their CC or E:DB.  Getting a saber on him to speed things up shouldnt be to difficult.  What you dont want to do is leave him and a scrub alone (for too long at least) for fear of Vader coming down (for say 8 or 10 of their 11 activation), but its okay to leave him with Orri, or a main and a scrub.  Anyway, after they pick up Luke (this always happens, at least once a game) youll just want to kill Vader.	While its easier to do this with EPP Han in the deck, theyll prolly be playing the CC:DB, so the Capn can join the frey too.  I think youll find due to the large # of 4 destiny cards that youll be hitting everything you shoot at (dont be stupid and go shooting at Vader, unless of course YISYW is out and you know you have some 5s and 6s left in the deck).  In both my games vs BHBM the game finished with the opponents side of the table totally void of characters, vehicles, and starships.

Vs COTVG- Due to the large amounts of activation on your part, getting around No Bargain is cake.  If this is really popluar in your area you should considering swapping out an Alter for a Sense as BrustGoat suggested.  Just invade the chamber early- youll find that youll have no problems hitting anything this time, and youll wipe out their forces very quickly.  Dont go to space unless they are only getting really slim amounts of force (like 9 or 10).  Just like with the old throne room, this game should be pretty easy.

Vs EOPS- Its ridiculous how much force they give you.  Use spies to get into the bunker and beat them down while drawing all the time to find your fleet.  Ive never lost to any sort of space deck when the Superfalcon and highish destinies are involved.  This will be a longer game (since youll only be draining for a few on the ground), but its certainly win-able, just chase them with your falcon.

Vs HDADTJ- Feel free to put Jedi Luke down early, but use Obi for hit and run sorta stuff only.  No one in their right mind would blind duel vs JK Luke.  Draw to get COAS, and use Weapon Lev and Fallen Portal to your advantage.  Id be willing to bet money at least 10 of their 15 or 16 characters are suceptible to Goo Nee Tay.  Just get the jump on them, using Visage to your advantage, and kill Vader.  Establishing the drain at Carida will also play to your advantage.

Vs MKOS-  While flipping wont be easy for them staying flipped wll be even tougher.  Spreading out on the ground vs a deck that can activate as much as this on is not a smart thing to do.  This decktype often doesnt generate much, so when they find that you arent helping them they will have to struggle by, leaving you to pick off their guys.  Again, just another game of cat and mouse with your superior forces (read: activation).

Vs ROPS- This deck is a cinch to beat.	My old school TR deck ate this for breakfast, and despite the slower start so does this one.  Get a ship to Ralltiir as soon as possible, and establish yourself at one of their sites, prolly the DB, early on.  If you dont know how to win this one, you need some more practice.

Vs SYC Scum- Leave the docking bay alone!  Just beat them up on their JP sites like any other COTVG deck.  Due to their lack of characters (and your many Alters for S+V) taking them out should be no problem.  Remember you draw more, and activate more, so you can deploy more.

Vs SYC TIEs- Simple game.  Get you ships to Milwaukee, where they will have to come and fight you, and kick their ass.	Take over the docking bay or war room to drain at too.	Sense their all power to weapons, and let your 3x destinies (totalling at least 8 every time) do its damage.  Ive never lost to a SYC TIE deck when playing the superfalcon.

If there is anything else, please just let me know in the reviews or D-Mail me.

-Hayes Hunter	  