---
layout: archive
author: ! Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: ! "I-Swarm (Ultimate TIE deck)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-19
description: ! "This is an extremely powerful new TIE deck I have built. I can find little weaknesses."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS (9)
Kessel (start)
Wakeelmui
Coruscant
Endor
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Sullust
Big One x2

Starships (22)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x5
TIE Interceptor x15

Interrupts (14)
All Power To Weapons  x4
Short-Range Fighters x2
I Can't Shake Him  x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Masterful Move
Prepared Defenses

Effects (13)
Mobilization Points
First Strike
Well Guarded
You Cannot Hide Forever
Oppressive Enforcement
Return To Base
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Sienar Fleet Systems  x2
Lateral Damage	x2
Presence Of The Force  x2

Weapons (2)
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons  x2'

Strategy: '

UPDATE

After noticing the maneuver on the TIE Interceptor, I have dropped the 2 Big Ones and added another Twi-Lek and an EPP Vader.

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS
Thing is, I don't need U-3PO. I retrieve more than they can ever drain for, I have Dreaded Imperial Starfleet to cancel their biggest drain, and my drains will likely be as big as theirs, so spies are overkill. I had 2 EPP Vaders, but I dropped them for other cards. I then added one again, only one because I will constantly retrieve him.
The system download guy is a great idea, I will try to find room for him.

END UPDATE

Another deck in early development that looks pretty darn good. TIEs are now quite viable IMO with the introduction of the most powerful TIE released, the TIE Interceptor. It's power 3, +1 with an X-Wing. With a Dreadnaught and APTW, they are power 7 each. Can you say beatdown? Plus, the good old retrieval engine is present, making this a hard deck to beat.
Start Kessel to make your TIEs drop for one. Start Oppressive Enforcement, You Cannot Hide Forever, and Mobilization Points with Prepared Defenses.
Use MP to get Wakeelmui first turn, and try to get Seinar set up ASAP. Then start the drop and drain at the four drain for 2 system. Presence is nice on Kessel, as it will entice them to try to and stop you there, giving you the opportunity to drop a beatdown.
Now that TIEs can fully use the god weapon (SFS Cannon), it is a serious risk to fight in space against this. Say the opponent drops Han in the Falcon and the Tantive IV on Your Dreadnaught and two TIEs. He battles, lose the TIE to the Used Pile with Seinar and the other TIE is lost. Next turn, drop as many TIEs as possible, play Lateral Damage on the Tantive, battle, shoot the Falcon, immediately lost, APTW, game over. If they retreat to the ground, you have a maximum drain potential of 10. That plus the retrieval and Dreaded Imperial Starfleet means you will win every time. Use the Big Ones to create an infinite retrieval loop. I Can't Shake Him is a great used destiny adder that also downloads the SFS Cannons from Reserve. Barriers are also god cards in here, especially at Kessel. They drop the Falcon with an anxious grin, Barrier, next turn, Damage, drop four TIEs, game.
From what I can tell, this looks amazingly solid. Please give me some constructive ideas on how to improve.
I believe there is an Admiral's Order that will help this a lot, but I don't know the name of it, if you think it's a necessary addition, LMK.

Darwin bless. Hoostino out.   '