---
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: Is There Still Good In This?
side: Light
date: 2000-09-07
description: Just a simple scout deck on Endor, modest in the best.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: There Is Good In Him

Locations(6)
Chief Chirpa's Hut (S)
Endor: Landing Platform (S)
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Rebel Landing Site
Spaceport Docking Bay
Cloud City: Plantform 327

Characters(15)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight (S)
General Solo
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Daughter Of Skywalker x2
Lieutenant Page
Corporal Midge
Colonel Cracken
General Calrissian
Corporal Beezer
Major Panno
General Crix Madine
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Orrimaarko
Corporal Kensaric

Starships(4)
Tantive IV
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5 x2
Millennium Falcon

Interrupts(19)
Heading For The Medical Frigate (S)
Fly Casual
Gift Of The Mentor
The Signal x2
Insertion Planning x3
Run Luke, Run x2
Nabrun Leids
Star Destroyer
I Know
Endor Celebration
Don't Get Cocky
Throw Me Another Charge
This Is Absolutely Right
Lost In The Wilderness x2

Effects(13)

Strike Planning (S)
Staging Areas (S)
I Feel The Conflict (S)
Insurrection (S)
Lightsaber Proficiency
Your Insight Serves You Well
Honor Of The Jedi
Let's Keep A Little Optimism Here
Imperial Atrocity x4
Traffic Control

Weapons(2)
Luke's Lightsaber
Anakin's Lightsaber

Strategy: 

Well, this deck is so straight forward... its almost complicated to describe how it works, hehe.  So I guess I'll do half a walk-through of a simple game.

1st Thing: Before your opponent can do anything to you (like while he's activating) use strike planning to get 2 generals.  If you didn't draw any then immediately get Crix Madine and General Solo (simple enough, if you get one of the Generals in your hand, get the other 2 from the deck).  Solo is a monster in this deck, considering the only 2 characters he doens't work with are Kenobi and Madine.  With that out of the way, try to get force, as much as you can so you can get Solo, Madine, and a few other scouts (from your reserve deck compliments of Crix).  Midge of course helps the force drains on Endor, Kensaric provides invaluable protection from a swift rear kick (+2 to deploy for all characters AND vehicles to same site), Beezer stops reacts, the list goes on and on with the nifty abilities you gain from all these scouts.  Luke... well, most of the time your opponent will be forced to come and get him with Vader (Luke (>2 ability scout) + Lightsaber + Proficiency... +3 Force Drain at his site).  Needless you can get some good force draining pretty fast, then Imperial Atrocity combined with Lost In The Wilderness... pick and choose the big force drains to stop or make him lose force to too.  The only other thing to this deck is the hopeful battles... the destiny draws with this deck is phenominal... most of the time 3 battles is pleanty to turn Vader to the Light... tinker around with it, have fun!  Thanks again!