---
layout: archive
author: ! Joe "JoeCool144" Fox
title: ! "Elominator"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-07
description: ! "Eloms, Tessek, beatdown, drain."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Audience Chamber
The Signal
Uh-OH

Characters
Elom x 13
Tessek x 2
Obi-Wan Kenobi x 2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Master Luke x 2
Luke With Lightsaber
Boushh
Daughter of Skywalker

Weapons
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Anikan's Lightsaber

Effects
Lightsaber Proficiency
Uncontrollable Fury (Winner of games)
Goo Nee Tay
Scramble
Bo Shuda
Revolution x 2

Interrupts
Tunnel Vision x 2
Gift Of The Mentor x 2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x 2
The Signal x 2
Nabrun Leids x 2
Alter x 2
Sense x 3
Smoke Screen
Transmission Terminated

Locations
Cantina
Jundland Wastes
Mos Eisley
Obi-Wan's Hut
Jabba's Hut Entrance Cavern
'

Strategy: '

NOTE I have exchanged 1 Tunnel Vision with a Yarna Dal Gargan.END NOTE
This is a really fun deck. First off, get tessek to audience chamber so your drains are +1 at sites where you have an elom, and they are deploy 2. Start taking over sites right away and draining. If they deploy to tatooine, throw down master luke and obi-wan and beat them up. Use the gift of the mentors to add destinys to get rid of their characters all together. This can do pretty good against hunt down because of the 3 obis and 3 lukes. The transmission terminated also can take out a visage. If you need to, revo obi's hut, put an elom their, Put down Obi and luke, both with sabers, obi with proficiency and you have a drain of 7 at that site alone. Not very likely, but you could get around a drain of 5 their easily. Thanks for reviewing.  '