---
author: Mike "Mikey P" Panayotou
title: Mike’s Hunt Down v 2.0 -- Please Rate!
side: Dark
date: 2000-11-14
description: Got Tech?  Version 2.0 of My Hunt Down.  A Fun and Solid Deck.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (9)

Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Holotheater
Visage of the Emperor
Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Pts.
IAO

Systems: (1)

Caridia (pulled before turn 1)

Locations: (3)

Executer: DB
CC: East Platform
CC: Downtown Plaza



Characters: (18)

DV, DLOTS x3
Lord Vader x2
Tarkin
Mara Jade x2
Sim Aloo
Commander Igar
Janus Greejatus
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Sarkli
Dr. Evazan
Iggy (IG-88) w/gun
4-LOM w/gun
Ephant Mon
Dannik “Chris” Jerriko (so those characters never, EVER, come back again!)

Blue: (5)

Blizard 2
Tempest 1
Bubble Boy (Boba in Slave I)
Bossk in Bus (Hound’s Tooth)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts: (17)

Control x4
Vader’s Obsession x2
Circle is Now Complete x2
Put All Sections on Alert
Focused Attack
Operational as Planned
Evader
Weapon Levitation
Trample
Ommni Box
Masterful Move
Shocking Revelation

Effects: (4)

Secret Plans
Visage of the Emperor
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Search and Destroy

Weapons: (3)

Vader’s Saber
Darth Vader’s Saber
Mara Jade’s Saber


Strategy: 

*************
UPDATE:
Ugh.  I hate to give version 2.1 before 2.0 gets rated, but I took Chu’s suggestions and changed some stuff around:

Pull Ozzel for Chimaera
Pull Oppressive Enforcement for No Escape
Pull Shocking Revalation for Twi’lek Advisor
Pull Darth Vader’s Lightsaber for Death Star: DB 327
Pull DV, DLOS for Darth with Red Ninja Stick of Doom

Whew.  On with the strategy.

END UPDATE
***************

This Hunt Down deck worked pretty well for me.	I’ve modified it several times to it’s current state, but the general theme is consistent – Smack Ben and Luke around.
Basic Strategy:

Start IAO, Mobilization Points and Oppressive Enforcement for Effects, along with the standard Objective stuff.  Before you activate, search for Caridia.  Activate, drop Caridia (in most cases) pull Executer: DB, deploy a scrub (or Vader if you can) and draw.  Then, pull CC: DB and move Vader and friends there.  Drain, Visage, etc.  Look for Downtown Plaza (not necessary for victory, but speeds things up) and S + D.  Be ready to duel – there are TONS of recyclables in this deck for tracking purposes.

Cloud City has a nice advantage over other locations; it is not a planet site.	Therefore, Lost in the Wilderness is useless on CC.  With the prevalence of  Fallen Portal, I would suggest being careful about initiating battle at DBs without Tarkin nearby.  I haven’t really had too much of an earth-shattering problem with this card though.  If you need to, tie it down.

When it comes down to basics, most Hunt Down decks are very similar except when it comes to choosing “Red” cards.  Here’s an explanation of why I chose such Red cards:


Control – cancel drains, end a Sense war almost instantly.  Or, cancel drains at systems fortified by many ships.  I don’t need Sense or Alter because when I am not flipped, it is too tough to make (+4 to all S/A draws).  Plus, the only effect that really has ever given me trouble was Revolution.  I have Evader.

Masterful – used 6.  Pulls Visage if I need it.  Why not?

Dueling Cards -- I want to make sure I have one when I need one.  If I have multiple copies, I can send one away with Janus and then track it.

Put All Sections on Alert – Pure tech.  Thanks, Aaron Kingery.  When they drop to the Executer, don’t Smooch them, beat them.  Nullify one’s text and ability, drop a couple of scrubs and beat down.  Don’t worry about getting stranded because you can use the DB to escape.

Shocking Rev -- Anti-Oola tech.  I can also pull it every turn w/Secret Plans and track it.

Weapon Levitation – notice the dot?  If I sense one coming before they battle, play it used in an earlier phase. If it’s on my turn, my just action beats theirs.  Either way, they can’t steal Vader’s (or Mara’s) favorite toy.  Sorry Twigg.

Trample – obvious character removal, used 4.

Operational as Planned – stack destinies, need an extra force to drop DLOS or Lord V?  This card does it all.

Caridia – Guess who can’t move 7 parsecs in one turn? J  If Kessel and Caridia are the only systems out . . . beat down at Kessel.

Against Certain decks:

MWYHL – S+D, Visage, Drain.  Beware EPP suicide drops.  Keep characters together and be ready to duel.

TIGIH – Never had a real problem.  Don’t lose battles.  Beat his other mains down.	Drain.	Visage.  Simple.

Agents in the Court – anyone play this?  I haven’t yet.

EBO – not easy.  Drain, enforce Visage and get S+D out.  If they drop to the North Ridge, you may have to pick up Vader and raid Hoth.  Make sure to Ommni Box them, especially if they are using Ishi Tib tech.

Endor Scouts – not popular in my area.  Let them come to you.  Drain on your own turf, maybe raid with walkers.  Beware of Insertion Planning.

Hidden Base – close call.  Drain, Drain, Drain.  Visage.	S+D.  Be ready to duel at any time, esp. with suicide drop EPPs.  See if you can guess their Hidden Base on the first try.  Not only demoralizing, but very fun.

Profit – Hee hee . . .Chris Jerriko can do some nasty things to our hero, Han Solo.

New Age Throneroom – Great Matchup.  Be careful – portals may be falling.  Tie down or avoid fighting w/o Tarkin.  Again, you have to take it head on.  Duel away the mains and raid the DBs.

Overall, it’s a solid deck.  I welcome all comments and suggestions.  Please D-Mail me if there are some serious problems you see before posting them.  Thanks!
