---
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: Andy’s Old School Hidden Fakeout
side: Light
date: 2000-12-11
description: This deck is a real throwback for me, becausemy first LS deck that won a lot more tournament games than it lost was a Hidden Base fakeout, very similar to this one. It was right after EPPs came out, and that deck only had about 2 tournament losses in like
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
Hidden Base

Locations (8)
Rendevous Point (s)
Dagobah
Yoda’s Hutt
Endor
Random Hidden Base indicator
Tatooine: antina
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Jundlund Wastes

Characters (16)
EPP Leia x2
EPP Obi x3
Jedi Luke x2
EPP Luke
EPP Han x2
ECC Chewie
General Calrissian
Nien Numb
Tawass Khaa
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antillies, RSL

Weapons (1)
Luke’s Lightsaber

Starships (5)
Gold Squadron 1
Spiral
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Home One

Interuppts (19)
Rebel Barrier
Punch It
The Signal
Fall Of The Legend x2
On The Edge x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Nabrun Leids
Gift Of The Mentor
Clash Of Sabers
Tunnel Vision
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Weapon Levitation
Sorry About The Mess
Courage Of A Skywalker
Heading For The Medical Frigate

Effects (10)
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not
Bacta Tank
Draw Their Fire
Order To Engage
Ounee Ta
Disarmed 

Strategy: 


Alright, there is a lot of differences from my old school hidden base fakeout, but the main principal is the same: bring the beats on the ground and hold your own in space with a good generation base.

There is no usual start, other than Squadron Assignments, and Strike Planning, so you get to pick your third. You can choose from Battle Plan, Do Or Do Not, Menace Fades, and Ounee Ta.

It’s a fairly simple deck to play. First turn deploy Endor, and the DS doesn’t get to generate there. Next turn get Dagobah and Yoda’s Hutt, therefore giving yourself 8 force, and only giving away 2.

I usually set up Nien Numb and Calrissian in GS1 at Endor as soon as I can, and get Zuckess immunity next with Wedge or Tycho. They you have a fairly strong force in space, and powerful ground beats, so cards like Menace Fades and Battle Plan are huge.

It is a totally recactive deck. You play your opponent’s game, and beat them at it. The tatooine sites are in there for a force drain against TIEs, mainly, I usually deploy to the DS sites to fight them there. This deck has a great selection of red cards backing the mains up, and a couple easily trackable 6 destinies for automatic lightsaber hits, good battle destinies and On The Edge retrievals.

The rest of it is pretty straightforward, so I will continue on to what to do against current major deck types:

Vs. Hunt Down duel: Start Do Or Do Not if you think there’s a chance of SAC. Well, you have 2 Transmission Terminateds to get rid of Visage, and some retrieval to get them back if you need them. I don’t usually get the chance to cancel Visage with spies, because old Smiley or the Elephant Mon quite often guards it, but if you need to you can with Tycho. Drain in space and knock out his modifiers with Menace Fades, and try not to be forced into a bad dueling situation. If you really fear this deck, add a Glancing Blow.

Vs. BHBM: Similar to Hunt Down. Give Jedi Luke to his papa and win the game without him. Start Do Or Do Not for sure, and kill Lord Vader with tracked 6 destinies. Try to get your Courage so he can’t Circle Obi.

Vs. Court: I’m not 100% sure, but be carefulin space as Zuckess can come from reserve. I haven’t played against a good Court deck in a long time, but I imagine you do the same thing as always: Drain, beat, repeat.

Vs. MKOS: Wow, this is a rough game. I don’t know of any deck that can beat a great Abyssins deck every time, as I think MKOS is the most powerful objectives ever made. However, this deck has a better shot at beating MKOS than most LS decks out there. Start Battle Plan and set up in space as soon as you can. Get Menace Fades to knock out the Gailid drain, and play smart. In my Abyssins deck, I can easily beat Tawass Khaa and Obi for at least 10 cards, so AVOID leaving a weak mix of characters together if they have more than 8 cards in hand. As they probably won’t start IAO, try to get in a Nabun beating if you can. Don’t go to the DS cantina, whatever you do, and try to contol the AC if at all possible. Try to get an On The Edge loop going, even though you only have 2.

Well, those are the biggest decks out there, and I am running out of time (exams this week) so I’ll wrap it up.

Hope you like it!
Andy


