---
layout: archive
author: ! Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: ! "operatives and kessel running does still work"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-29
description: ! "you pull your sites, you get rid of there force, you drain with bonus’, and you retrieve your force; sound good?"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'starting(4)
ralltiir
swamp
forest
careful planning

characters(24)
ralltiir freighter captain x10
ralltiir operative x8
luke with stick x2
obi with stick x2
han with gun
general crix

locations(7)
kessel x2
jungle
desert
spaceport city
spaceport street
farm

starships(8)
red 3
red 6
red 7
red 8
red 9
red 10
red squad 4
red squad 7
(i prefer those over freighters or others for there cheap deploy high hyperspeed and manuever)

interrupts(3)
the signal x2
rebel barrier

effects(6)
kessel run
bargaining table

creatures(8)
nudj x8 '

Strategy: '

i will skip the card by card since it is pretty self explanatory in this deck and go straight to the strategy. but if you have any questions on why i used what i did, leave me a message before you rate it.

ok, so you start ralltiir, careful planning, swamp, and forest.  on turn 1 you deploy from reserve deck a nudj to swamp to eat there force, and if you have one in your hand, deploy it to forest.  then, with your remaining force, you drop 1 operative to each site if possible; so hopefully by turn 2 you will have swamp and forest with a nudj and operative at each(but if you dont it is ok).	so by now you see the basic gameplan(or if not here it goes), you keep pulling your sites and nudj’s and evenly spreading out your operatives at each site.  "it may not look like much, but its got it were it counts" -han solo.  exactly that, it looks like only a drain of 7 max on land, and your thinking, how do you build a deck around a drain of 7.  well, you usually get a unstopable drain of 7(except for few outside factors i.e. spys, or interrupts that stop a single drain) fairly quikly(based on if you got nudj’s or op’s in your hand you would obviously get there faster), a steady drain like that kills off any deck quickly.  it works because they cant just overpower you at ralltiir because only spys can deploy there because your nudj’s are eating there force which lets your weak ops drain in peace(im out of breath after that sentence).  so after you have your steady draining going, then you start building up your ral caps in the x-wings at ralltiir to start your kessel running.  so with your staedy draining of usually around 8 and you should take them down quick, but if not, your big retieval of 10 for each run will keep you in there with a pretty full life force.	so with that said i only have a few more things to tell you about.

THINGS TO REMEMBER
draw every now and then to get a signal or kessel run or bargaining table, or crix madine, or another main character.

dont put your epps on ralltiir, it is generally pretty safe, keep them together on their(opponents) sites to mess up their game plan.  and drop madin right away to ralltiir when you get him so he can pull out your freighter captains.

remember to pull everything you can each turn i.e. ralltiir sites, nudjs, captains with madine, it is vital to get your draining and running up quickly before they get there plan set up.



with all that said, please send me any questions or comments regarding this deck, and i can take constructive critisicim, but i do not enjoy fruitless bashing.
			happy playing,
		     zach"spirajira"cute.


'