---
author: brad "swccguy" eier
title: Our profit margins are up 5-fold
side: Light
date: 2000-02-03
description: This is a light EJP deck centered around mains and retrevial.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

objective:1
YCEPBT/OBD

interrupts:17
Signal (start)
grimtassh
sorry about the mess
i know
dont forget the droids
courage of a skywalker
life debt
someone who loves you
run luke, run
smoke screen
glancing blow
fallen portal
weapon levitation
i've got a bad feeling about this
shocking information
sense
alter

effects:9
scramble
draw thier fire
traffic control
a gift
tatooine celebration
battle plan
ultimatium
no disentegrations
do, or do not

characters:18
han solo (start)
han w/blaster
master luke x2
obiwan
ben kenobi
dos
boussh
chewbacca
ecc chewie
lando w/gun
tamtel skreej
artoo
threepio
r-3po
orrimarrko
jeron webb
boshek


locations:7
tatooine
audience chamber
jabbas palace
tosche station
docking bay 94
spaceport docking bay
yodas hut

weapons/devices:3
obiwans saber
anakins saber
landing claw

ships:5
red leader in red 1
gold leader in gold 1
spiral
tantive IV
falcon	 

Strategy: 

Rescue han, retrieve some, try to set up celebration, use the flipped objective to make the opponent lose force, counter their deck.
if they put pilots at the chamber, start scramble.
you can start do or do not if they play heavy SAC.


in response to crushers review: you're right about setting up celebration, but the good thing about this deck is you don't need celebration to win. if you get it set up, good, if not you can still win vs most stuff. i played this deck and went 2-1 at the city championships and i didn't use any celebration.	the most recent version of this deck, which i msy post soon, uses tunnel vision to help get stuff out.

vs.hdadtj: 2 obis, 2 lukes, 2 leias in a battling deck will keep the objective's '0' side up. also with the obj. and tat celebration, i can retrieve all the force i lose to visage. spies will cancel visage. also i have courage of a skywalker and glancing blow for dueling.

vs.isb: a gift works well if they play 20 ors, also i can spread out on tatooine, retrieve 5 a turn while they lose 5 a turn plus more from my force drains.

vs.cotvg: i've never played cotvg, but if i did, i'd try to rescue han before they get set up at the chamber. then use mains and stuff to battle them.

vs.cct:they freeze whoever, i lose 8 force, next turn flip the obj, retrieve 10. while they try to get to the chamber, i set up my beatdown crew on tatooine, and spread out the mains so they lose force from the objective.

vs.tdigwatt: i may need to go to bespin to fight, but send a few mains there, spread out on tatooine, set up celebration and flip obj, thats a 10 force swing every turn ( i retrieve 5, they lose 5)

vs.raltirr: pick and choose your battles. this is why threepio is in here: he makes cards like DOS immune to bad feeling have I. also have spies. for instance, you put jeron webb in the falcon at ralltiir. then you deploy some good pilots on it, and move webb over to be a passanger. try not to let them flip. also, bad feeling have i is cancelled when i flip.


vs. a space deck: use battle plan to slow drains. if needed, all your characters can fit on your ships.

vs.cpi: rescue han asap, shuttle up/ get all your mains into space, drain at the other systems they put out while they try to blow up tatooine.

vs. numbers-start resistance. flip asap and drain fast. use mains to beat on thier high destiny guys.

vs. ops: start battle order. drain, battle, win.

this deck has been modified a lot from its first time. let me know any suggestions.

