---
layout: archive
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! "Twist of Fate-HBCelebration"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-21
description: ! "Uses card-advantage and red protection combined with the quick set up of CCCelebration with Hidden Base."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'----------------------------------------
[Objective-1]
Hidden Base

[Locations-10]
RPoint
Dagobah
Yoda's Hut
Bespin x2
Lower Corridor
Carbo Chamber x2
North Corridor
Downtown Plaza

[Characters-14]
SOS x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
EPP Han x2
Boushh
EPP Leia
Harc Seff
Tawss Khaa
Wedge
Jereon Webb
Pucimer Thryss x2

[Starships-7]
Tantive
GLG1
RLR1
Lando in Falcon
Redemption
Gold Sqd Y x2

[Weapons/Devices-3]
Anakin's Saber
Obi's Saber
Landing Claw

[Effects-12]
CCCelebration x2
Push on Us
Do or Do Not
Wise Advice(Start)
Battle Order(Optional Start)
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
Traffic Control
TPIFF
Order to Engage
Draw Their Fire

[Interrupts-17]
Nabrun x2
SATMess x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Glancing Blow x2
Smoke Screen
Gift of the Mentor
The Signal x2
Path of Least Resistance x2
Shocking Info x2
Clash of Sabers '

Strategy: '

Preparing for the Grand Slam is a dirty job, but someones gotta do it. It appears that Mr. Burrows and I were on the same wavelength with the HB to Celebration idea as it offers a deadly quick set-up for good drains AND retrieval. My version is lighter in characters but goes heavy on the overall counters red-card wise. The gameplan is simple Drain en masse on Cloud City with sabers and pucimer for average drains of around 7 a turn (I generally try to hold 2 sites.)while not spreading out but by stockpiling your power down at only 2 or 3 locations, meanwhile retrieveing 2 or 3 a turn to negate most negative effects of opponents damage causing agents. TPIFF and Battle Order for Ops (propbably not gonna see em but better safe then sorry) Order to Engage for ISB, Big drains for ISB with SATMesses for probe droids/5D6. Huntdown has a pair of Dueler cancelers and 2 spies (Nabrun helps too.) But because you can keep an Obi and a Luke on the table longer than a generic decks EPP they'll lose to visage as long as you do. ROps/Decree gives it SOME problems but if you get set up quick and hold Bespin they're done because the drains are so minute. Just build your forces up like normal then nabrun in (If possible) close to endgame to wipe them. I'm looking to take out possibly the Rebel Barriers and Landing Claw(Blast Door Controls is becoming quite common down here and I dont want to be discouraged from deploying to only my system. I need to stick to THAT game plan) and possibly pick up an Oola,Hnemth (another pilot for system or Anti-ISB/HuntDown/BigBlue), possibly Goo Nee Tay, Mechanical Failure, Disarmed...or some more big characters like Orri and ECC Lando. You tell me what to put in and I look foward to the reviews '