---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: ! "Mike s Y4 Occupation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-25
description: ! "My RBO deck that utilizes AT-STs to control Yavin while causing damage with occupation, drains, and battles."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control

Locations (9)
Coruscant
Death Star
Forest
Jungle
Kiffex
Swamp
Yavin IV
Yavin IV Docking Bay
Yavin IV Jungle

Characters (12)
AT-ST Pilot x3
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lieutenant Arnet
Major Marquand
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Vehicles/Starships (13)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Dreadnaught x3
Vengeance

Weapons (1)
Vader's Lightsaber

Interrupts (10)
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Set For Stun x2
Trample x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Effects (14)
Battle Order
Broken Concentration
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Organa's Ceremonial Necklace
Rebel Base Occupation x2
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2
'

Strategy: '

-I've been playing this deck for a week or so and it seems fairly powerful so far.

vs. Hidden Base-
There's enough space to probe them quickly, with the usual Security Precautions spiel. Swarms may cause problems, so immediatly after probing watch that you do not spread to thin. TBHTP will grab Organized Attack.

vs. MWYHL-
Broken Concentration will slow them, but if not, there's an alternative Set For Stun. Track a MM and Luke/Leia/Trainee goes to there used pile, which hurts them bad.

vs. Ops-
Plenty of drain fighting cards. If you think it's safe head to there planet and battle, if not, go about your buisness. If they're playing speeders, ignore them and drain on Yavin. If they come to you, use the reacts to your advantage.

vs. Profit-
Head over to Tatooine with walkers and raise some hell. If they flip, kill Han ASAP.

vs. Beatdown-
Keep on Yavin. IAO will prevent Nabrun beats. If they want a fight, they're going to have to come to your turf, and with reacting walkers, they're going to have to prepare, which will give you the advantage.

I get a lot of remarks about my lack of characters, but (1) I can't find the room to add more and (2) I haven't experienced a situation in which I've had any problems with the amount of characters in this deck.

Any other deck types other than the ones listed should be able to be taken care of with the use of support cards. I'll try to respond to each individual review as they come. Thanks.

'