---
author: Jason "jade" Foss
title: Hidden Mains with Retreival.
side: Light
date: 2000-11-14
description: HB fakeout that uses On the Edge Off the Edge for retreival.It did very well last weekend going 5-1 with the only loss to Dan Sokol. Any help is greatly appreciated.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Hidden base
Sullest {replace with any system}
Rendevzous Point
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron assingments
Insurrection

Locations[9]
Dagobah
Endor
Hoth Echo Docking bay
Home one docking Bay
Cloud city Docking Bay
Hoth War Room
Yodas Hut
Home One War Room
Massasie Headqurters

Characters[16]
Obi Wan Kenobi[3]
Luke with Lightsaber[2]
General Calrisian
Lando With Vibro Ax
Han with Gun
Leia with gun
Captain han
Colonel cracken
Liutenent Blount
Boshek
Taws Khaa
Nien Numb
Kal Fal C’ndros

Starships[6]
Gold Squadron 1
Spiral
Tanteive
Home One
Red Leader IN Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold One

Interupts[19]
Off The Edge[2]
On the Edge[2]
Sense[4]
Alter[2]
Control
Courage Of A Skywalker
Glancing Blow
The Bith Shuffle[2]
Out Of Commision[2]
It Could Be Worse[2]
Smoke Screen

Effects[3]
Wise Advise
Projection of A Skywalker[2]

Whepons[1]
Obis Stick 

Strategy: 

I like this deck alot because it has lots of retreival but it can also battle its way to victory.Start of by serching your deck for lando before you activate. Then you get endor and use sqaudron assingnments to get the falcon deploy it to endor for three force and get the home one docking bay.Next turn pull dagobah a docking bay and yodas hut.This provides you with at least 11 force by third turn. From here you can just play it like a mains deck. Put obi at the cloud city docking bay track 2 fives and play off the edge then on the edge and retrieve 8.Use the epps to battle and kill all there guys. Try not to get beat down.Use the it could be worse and stuff to keep there drains down.

CARD EXPLANATIONS

EPP Luke Yes jedi luke is good but all around epp luke is better in my mind. Against bring him before me he is awsome if your opponet has a couple guys draining at a site and you need to clear it out you can deploy him from your deck for 3 force and clear the site with him. Then you can retreive him and do it all over again.

Courage Of A skywalker/Glancing Blow Hunt down is Very popular in my area and these just help with the duels actualy i have dueled 1 time and i one it. If it is not played in your area you can take them out.

On The Edge/Off The Edge I beleive that for a light side deck to be succesful it needs retrieving.

Matchups

Vs HD
Cancel his visage with spies Be carful with luke and obi till you  have glancing blow and courage.
Just go attack him chance are he does not have many characters in his deck so dont worry about a beatdown.Just be careful with luke and obi.

VS BHBM
Use luke as a suicidle Man who does not die like i said erlier. It will be a fun game with lots of battling.Try not to lose lots of battles.retreive with on and of the edges. you should win it.

VS Heavy space
This will be a very hard match. Try to challenge them in space. Drain for as much as possible on the ground. If it is a ominouse Rumors deck then take over Endor.This could go either way you must retreive as much as possible to win.

Vs ISB
Get Blount to couracant back him up with other people.Dont let him flipp if he does just beat up on him. If it is Isb space or sandwhirl you will have a very hard time. Otherwis you should win.

Thats pretty much what people play in my area. 