---
layout: archive
author: ! jeff "kazper" kasper
title: ! "Hidden Base/EBO  version 1 3"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-30
description: ! "4th time through the revision cycle.this is a hidden base and ebohybrid deck with lots of main’s power"
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'starting (7)

Hidden Base obj
your hidden base system
Rendevous Point
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Wise Advice
Heading for the medical frigate

Locations (12)
main power generators x3
north ridge
echo docking bay
echo med lab
echo war room
Mon Calamari
Hoth
Chandrilla
Corulag
Yavin 4

Characters (13)

Luke Skywalker x2
Leia w/gun
Han w/gun
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Lando w/axe
Wedge
Mon Mothma
Gray Squadron Y wing pilot
Green Squadron Pilot
Figrin D’an
Ishi Tib
Arcona

Starships (9)
X-wing x3
Red Squadron X-wing x2
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral
Liberty

Interrupts (12)

Alter
Sense
Houjix x2
Organized Attack
Hyper Escape
Nar Shadda Chimes
Gift of the Mentor
Tunnel Vision
The Signal x3

Effects (5)

A New Secret Base
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation
Bacta Tank
What’re You Trying to Push On Us

Weapons (2)

Obi Wan’s LightSaber
X-wing Laser Cannon '

Strategy: '



*****WARNING*****
Due to the High Levels of PURE TECH in this deck,
it is recommended that only EXPERTS use it
*********************

(comments on reviews at bottom)

After you draw your opening hand, get Mon Mothma
with Strike Planning if you dont have it already.

She is used at the war room to hurt opponents
destiny in space, and for deploying non-unique
rebels from reserve deck for either setting
up ebo, or for forfeit fodder in space, she
adds two to their forfeit.

Next, on your first turn, while you look
for a system from HB, check your deck for
what you need.

If you already have the main power generators
in hand, look for the fourth marker, if you
dont have A New Secret Base in hand, look
for it in the deck, and if you dont have a signal
in hand, count how many in reserve deck to
see if it is in your active force.

Ultimate goal is to deploy two systems
a turn until you can flip, hopefully on
2nd or third turn.  So, get your new secret
base up and use its text to grab a system.

Don’t forget to deploy your docking bay from reserve

After you flip, set up ebo.

Use tunnel vision if you have it and need
it to search your active force for any of the
cards needed to get set up.

Deploy Mothma to war room, and hope for figgie d
and your tib, use chimes if necessary.

Dont deploy to space until the last moment
possible.

Deploy Arcona at 4th marker if you have
a sense, an alter, or a houjix in hand and
drain for one.

Try to get obi and stick and use him where
he will work best, draining under the shield
is an option.

Focus on holding one system once you have ebo
up, your obj flipped and protection in hand.

spread out if possible with hyper escape, hojix
and spiral, dont forget your incom effect
making your pilots on x-wings ability 2.

Thats the first part.

Second Part is your mains beatdown squad.

If, in a dream, you had  Lando, Luke, Leia, Han
and Obi, with your gift of Mentor in hand,

you would be  power 19 on Tatooine w/ 6 destiny

Use your X-wing cannon against bounty hunters,
use figgie d under the shield to reveal
your opponents deck, mess with their count,
and retrieve the force.

The star ship liberty forfeits to your used
pile.

Rebel pilots are forfeit 6 with mothma on table,
and occupying corulag.

Cowboy Wedge is depoly two forfeit 8 with insurrection

Use those pilots and wedge with the Bacta Tank

Only three of your ships arent x-wings.
use organized attack and your cannons on them.

And Last But not least, 2 cowboy Lukes for the 3 deploy/bacta combo

Thanks for taking time to read and review this deck

To Bane  Yes, it does take alot of cards, but I beg to differ that it is too slow.  It’s entirely plausible to
have this running in 3 turns, both EBO and HB Flip.
It all depends on your draw and how well you know
the cards in the deck and the best way to manipulate
the situation '