---
layout: archive
author: ! jim "Bob A Fett" robertson
title: ! "Endor Ops-Death by Drain V2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-07
description: ! "A mainlyy space Eops deck. Please look at the strategy before reviewing"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor
EndorBunker
EndorLanding Platform
Prepared defences
Imperial Decree
You cannot Hide Forever
Combat Response

Admirals Orders
Battle Deployment
Fighters Coming in


Locations
Sullest
Kessel
Mon Calamari
Dark Forest
Forest Clearing
Spaceport Docking bay
Forest

Characters
DVDLOTS
Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Boba w/ Gun
Ephant mon
Navy Trooper fenson
Baron Soontir Fel
Major Turr Phenirr
DS-181-3
DS-181-4
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
Commander Merrejk x2
Captain Brandei

Starships
Executor
Saber 1
Saber 2
Saber 3
Saber 4
Thunderflare
Chimera
Devastator
Visage
Accuser
Avenger


Vehicles
Tempest 1
Temp scout 3
Temp scout 5
Temp scout 6
Temp Scout
blizzard 2


Effects
Reactor terminal
Return to base
Perimeter patrol
Establish Secret Base
Ominous Rumors
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Resistance
Something Special Planned for Them

Interrupts
Alter x2

'

Strategy: '

Flipping the objective in this deck is not vital, just helpful.
Here is the strategy, broken down by card type
Start if they are not playing numbers(haha) use you cannot hide forever to pull perimeter patrol to give you some safety on Endor untill you can get set up.
Admirals Orders I include 2 because of destiny and being able to quickly replace one if the other is converted. Battle Deployment allows me to search my reserve deck for combat vehicles. Fighters coming in hurts swarm and grants immunity.
Locations Sullest is a flat drain of 2 even w/out modifiers(menace fades, GW) Mon Cal hurts Star cruisers, kessel makes for cheap deploy. Spaceport DB gives mobility and forest can be used on Endor for ESB puposes
Characters Most are pilots for TIEs or Star Destroyers. Fenson and Ephant Mon go into the bunker to prevent deployment of spies to bunker and to add to deploy cost of opponents characters. Piett pulls your Aos or Chiranaheu who gives plus 1 to all drains at systems that you control with a SD. So put a TIE and star Destroyer at every system and youll be set. Merrejk is good for pulling systems and piloting a Star Destroyer.Brandei can pull ties and pilot a star destroyer
>>Starships Basically one TIE and one SD to a system with reinforcements where necessary. One of my favorite combos is to use DS-181-4 to pull his ship, then pull another interceptor via his game text and then the interceptors pilot via combat response.
>>Vehicles I used these because they have permanent pilots and I do not want to waste deck space piloting my vehicles. Use them to control endor or use docking bay transit to attack.
>>Effects Oppressive enforcement ups destiny woes. Decree is EBO protection. IAO helps my pilots a lot.
>>Interrupts You know what to do with these. )
>>>Well thanx for sticking with me in this long strategy. Thanx for your time
>
>





'