---
layout: archive
author: ! Alan "Serpent" Sagan
title: ! "A profit for you"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-24
description: ! "A profit deck.  Never played one in a tourney yet,but i have extensively playtested it againstone (only one) friend.	Has good activation, decent amountof characters, lots of power, decent destiny,seems prepared.  Rip it apart"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
You Can Either Profit by This.../ Or Be Destroyed
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
General Solo
Do, or Do Not
The Signal

Locations (6)
Mos Eisley
Cantina
Entrance Cavern
Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Hoth War room

Characters (15)
Ben Kenobi x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Master Luke x2
Luke with Lightsabre
Han with Blaster x2
Leia With Blaster
Boushh
Chewie with Blaster
Chewbacca
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Harc Serf

Interrupts (22)
Grimtaash
Tunnel Vision x2
Gift of the Mentor x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Shocking Information x2
Punch It
The Signal
Put That Down x2
Someone who Loves you x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Quite A Mercanary
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Glancing Blow
Sorry about the Mess

Effects (6)
Bacta Tank
Wise Advice
Draw Their Fire
Traffic Control
What're You tryin' To Push on Us x2

Weapons (3)
Obi-Wan's Sabre x2
Anakin's Sabre

Starships (2)
Millenium Falcon
Lando in Millenium Falcon '

Strategy: '

Fairly new deck, not overly tested.
Free Han fairly early, try to wait for at least 5 cards
into your lost pile though...
Don't be afraid to send your guys after your opponent
first though.  If you can make your opponent commit fairly
strongly to wherever they're playing, and then you free
Han, it can be very difficult for them to do anything about
him.
The reason I chose General Solo to spring is because he can't
be eaten by Bubo, many people use secret plans, he has some good
game text with chewie or orrimarko, and he's immune to attrition
to stick around a little longer.  Even if they don't
have secret plans out, Waiting until you have 10 force to
retrieve with the other hans is often just waiting to long,
so you don't really benefit from that.

Vs Rallops
Never tested.  Get to there planet EARLY if possible,
before they flip, attempt to outbattle them, or slow them
down enough that when you do free Han, the extra force loss
you're now causing will be enough to win you the game.
If they can get set up strongly on ralltir, then going
to battle them can be an almost futile experience.
Get your flip, get your shuffle and sabres going, and use that
extra force loss to hurt em for all you got.
I think Rallops is a weakness to this deck.

Vs HuntDown
only 2 TT's, i'd prefer 3... but i'm already hurting for room.
Boushh could cancel visage also, and with 3 lukes, 3 obis,
it'll be hard for them to flip.  The deck has a decent destiny,
but if they're dueling, and you don't have that glancing blow in
your hand, expect to lose.
Most people will say, 'high destiny means they'll lose duels'.
Well a good duel huntdown will probably be able to beat your destinys
fairly easily, and i'm not about to disillusion myself.
I want to throw in a Courage of a Skywalker...
But otherwise, there shouldn't be a huge problem outbattling,
out draiining, or just plain beating on it.

Vs ISB
Fight them where you can, make em lose force for the flip,
and drain wherever you can too.  Sorry about the mess
for 5D6, and Draw there fire can be used to retrieve it.
If they're not smart enough to leave force, draw there fire
can also be used for a decent beatdown..
shouldn't be a huge problem, ISB has many similiar tendencies
to a good Rallop deck, but there's no deploy problems
or +destiny draw.

Vs Dark Deal
try to get a decent force over on cloud city early.
This can cause all sorts of problems for them.	Flip
when you can, and just watch the force loss you cause begin
to pile up.

Vs Court
Your sabres, Master Luke, + epp destinies should begin to add up.
Someone who loves you will spring Han, and if they
try any sneaky stuff (IG-88 gun, hidden weapons, 4loms gun)
there's put that down.  this can turn the tide of an apparently
even battle IMMENSLEY.


Rip this deck apart, and give me your thoughts. '