---
layout: archive
author: ! Luca "Luca/Tzizvvt" Costanzo
title: ! "Luca s Kinda Scum"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-15
description: ! "Use Scum and Villainy with M&T and do some funky retrieval ..."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

Court of the Vile Gangster/Who Cares What This Side Is (STARTING)

Weapons (1)

Mara Jades Magical Rod

Locations (10)

JP Dungeon  (STARTING)
T AC		 (STARTING)
T Great Pit   (STARTING)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star
Coruscant
T JP
(2) Tatooine

Characters (16)

Jabba The Hutt
(2) Dr Evazan
Jodo Cast
4-LOM w/ Flashlight
Chall Bekan
Dengar w/ Tennis Racket
(2) IG-88 w/ Butterfly Net
Boelo
Dannik Jerriko
Cloud City Engineer
ORS
Fett w/ Feather Duster
Ephant Mon
Mara Jade, TEH

Ships (6)

Jabbas Ship
Dengar in Ship
Zuckuss in Ship
Fett in Ship
(2) Bossk in Bus

Effects (13)

(2) Scum
(2) Disarmed
Search and Destroy
Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
Tatooine Occupation
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
(2) Grabbit
Security Precautions
Expand The Empire (STARTING)

Interrupts (13)

Sniper
Alter
SHUOSHD
Masterful Move
Torture
Unexpected Interruption
Elis Helrot
(2) Imperial Barrier
(3) Twilek Advisor (STARTING)
'

Strategy: '

Strategy

Well, I took a look at normal M&T, took a look at S&V and just decided that I could try not using Vader, Tarkin, Walkers and Igar.  The idea of the deck is that you can just keep on recurring anything that you need via Scum and eliminate your opponents characters.  There is a lot of direct damage in here because it seems to be a lot more effective than just draining.  With ETE you get 3-5 aliens from reserve, which helps to get started early.	The locations are chosen for the ability to come into play from reserve, immunity to revolution so that I dont have to put in CTR/Evader, Tatooine for occupation and Coruscant because its just plain awesome.  With only 2 battleground sites (well, three if you deploy JP), if your opponent deploys to Tatooine you will most likely have a lot of guys out already.  Dont forget Bounty Hunters forfeit +2 and immune to Goo Nee Tay, mini Visage and Docking Bays/Ships from reserve.

Vs. Profit

Start with Chall Bekan and Ephant Mon using their objective, take CC engineer into hand.  First turn deploy the engineer and convert the AC.  They shouldnt be activating too much force, and you will deploy 6 aliens from reserve to the two battleground sites.  You should have them losing force from the objective, as well as 3 from drains at JP.  Barrier their squad and then beat them down good.  Whether or not they free Han is irrelevant- you will have crammed up Tatooine with aliens and when you drop ships and Occupation to Tatooine they will be losing force from too many different places to stop.

Vs. Hidden Base

Once again, the lack of battleground sites is important.  You will overload them and be able to beat down on anything that they deploy.  This enables you to keep pressure on them from the objective and search and destroy.  If they dont flip you can cause more damage than they can.  If they do you drop Security Precautions, probe Tatooine and put Jabbas ship with ORS, Jabba and Tatooine Occupation down.  You can hold a system with probe card + Fett + Passengers (so you dont bloody well lose him to a 5).  Zuckuss, Dengar and Bossk can maybe hold another.	Cover up Coruscant and retrieve any ships that they battle away using Scum.

Vs. Ops

Ops arent prominent in my area, so I havent metagamed against them.  You have Battle Order and hopefully Elis Helrot beatdown.	With them paying to drain (dont put down the Bus or Jabbas ship), Occupation, Court damage and retrieval you can hopefully eke out a win.

Vs. Mains and Toys

This deck was built to handle M&T.  Most of the mains decks that I have seen recently have been light on the characters, and they are mostly reactive (only a few of their own battlegrounds).	This is great, as this is a very aggressive deck.  You can not only retrieve your guys with Scum if they initiate battle, but you get to get like 3-5 from reserve anyway.  Once their mains are committed, you can deploy to Tatooine and set up an occupation.  You have Barrier, Disarmed, Elis Helrot, Dr Evazan and Sniper to remove mains without having to battle them, so your guys will stay on the table longer.  Dannik Jerriko is absolutely unbelievable  MVP  quite often, you can disarm someone like Obi Wan and then operate on them in battle, eat their soup.  This is like a ten point swing in power  minus 4 for them and + 6 for you ... basically, just have fun

Thanks for reading,

Luca/Tzizvvt

tzizvvt@hotmail.com

'There is no spoon.'
-Neo, The Matrix


RESPONSES

Darth Detori,

There are 2 Busses specifically so that you can always have one in play (they fight you in space, you lose Bus, then next turn deploy Bus #2 from reserve, fight and retrieve Bus #1).	IG-88 in IG-2000 is just bad compared to IG w/ gun.  If you want extra battle destiny, just put IG on a ship with a bounty hunter.  There is only the AC for NSP (early in the game), and that usually has a lot of guys at it.  I have barriers anyway, which are far more versatile.	They leave the character in play, so it can be disarmed and beaten down upon next turn.  The whole point of the docking bays is that they are not battlegrounds and that they are deployed from reserve, so that you are never spread thinly across Tatooine.  Also, they enable you to thin your deck of 0s early on, and provide extra force from reserve.  However, I could add in a spaceport docking bay in place of JP if you think that another battleground is necessary, but I tried that and I personally think that the JP is superior.  Jabba The Hutt is just plain better than SE Jabba- forfeit +1 for ALL of your aliens while at AC, as well as activating a force whenever you drain with an alien.  The whole point of starting Chall at the AC is that you get the CC Engineer from reserve and can convert the AC back first turn, starving your opponent of force.  You then get an additional 3 aliens from reserve, one of which will presumably be Boelo.  As for No Bargain, I would preffer BFHI, and an extra location over BFHI.  Quite frankly, deploy +2 to the AC and I can't put Mara there, or stopping a revolution on the dungeon just isn't enough.  Thankyou for the feedback, though.	  '