---
author: brad "swccguy" eier
title: My Kind Of Scum: My Kind Of Deck
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-29
description: my first version of a MKOS deck...
lmk what you think
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
My Kind Of Scum/FAI

Locations (6)
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace: Lower Passages
Tatooine: Catina
Tatooine: Desert Heart
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine: Lars’ Moisture Farm

Starships (2)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Chimaera

Vehicles (1)
Blizzard 2

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Characters (24)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bib Fortuna
Boelo
Bossk With Mortar Gun
Captain Sarkli
Chall Bekan
Chevin x 2
Cloud City Engineer
Dannik Jerriko
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x 2
Darth Vader
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
Ephant Mon
Galid
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
J’Quille
Lord Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Mighty Jabba
Umpass-stay

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber x 2

Effects (12)
Expand The Empire
Hutt Influence
Oppressive Enforcement
Power Of The Hutt
Presence Of The Force x 2
Resistance
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x 2

Interrupts (10)
Elis Helrot
Imperial Barrier x 2
Nevar Yalnal x 2
Prepared Defenses
Projective Telepathy
Twi’lek Advisor x 2
You Are Beaten










Strategy: 

ok i have tested this deck a little and its decent, please help me make it better, review honestly

start the objective, desert and tat: jabbas palace. effects are usually there is no try, oppressive and power of the hutt. sometimes resisntace is used instead of TINT. your rep is ephant mon.
basically get out sites, deploy, fight, drain.
this is more geared tpward drains as opposed to fighting, and i use imperials, so thats why i dont use scum and villany.
flip the objective if you can. if not dont worry, but flipping it gives you a few quirky bonuses.
chevin are cool they are automatic-ghhhk with an alien leader
nevar yalnal is the best uc spy defense since i use 4 spys and its destiny 6

ok the jist of this deck is to drain your opponent and win. you can download (no i don’t play trek)nearly every card you need to use.  boelo,tarkin and chevin are huge since they reduce destinys against you and attrition, which is cool since all aliens forfiets suck

hutt influence rules, so does Expand tha empire, add drains or fetch more guys, fun!

the walker is good, trick the opponent by deploying it to desert, then they bring the beats but get stranded there since guys need +1 landspeed to move away.

you start lets you get characters and sites as well as no fear of sac.

vs:
profit. start chall and someone. use POTH to pull some characters. convert back your sites with the miner. bubo,bib,dannik and characters who caputure will help you win.

ebo. you start resistance as your 3rd effect, drain race you win because search and destroy will eat them. beeware if they bring arcona to tatooine, use bubo to stop react.

speeder. chevin will help, and when the time is right bring the beats, OR just stay inside and drain.

odds. usually it will be hb odds so vs hb star resistance. set it up fast and drain + damage.

rst. drain on tatooine, and if needed elis or fight on endor, toughest matchup.

mwyhl. prohective afa, drain fort what you can. search and destroy eats them.

ops. i doubt you run into this, but if so drain and battle, use sarkli if you get him.

d-mail questions, thanks

peace

swccguy
