---
layout: archive
author: ! Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: ! "The Perfect Meta v 2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-14
description: ! "Here it is again, with added stuff."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Unknown Type
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Death Star
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Kashyyyk
Kiffex

Characters (16)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Arnet
M'iiyoom Onith
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Officer Evax

Vehicles (4)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1

Starships (9)
Avenger
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer  x2
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (3)
Surface Defense
Twi'lek Advisor  x2

Effects (14)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage	x2
Ominous Rumors
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Unknown Type
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost  '

Strategy: '

Here it is.  Its a machine.

vs. HB
You should be able to win just because you're playing so much space.  Get Ominous Rumors going and youre good to go.

vs. Profit
Start Security Precautions and use Mi'iyoom first turn (insert hand here)

vs. MYWHL
Land on Dagobah.  Show Yoda whose planet it is.  Drain on Dagobah and get Rumors going and you win.

vs. Anything else
Use your best judgement to win.  You have whatever you need to win any game, against Numbers, Ops, whatever, just play like you have a brain and you'll do fine.

Alright, somebody says "It's a good deck. Could use more strat. Section. And you can't My-oom 1st turn. you get 6 force, their hand size is 8."

This un-nerves me.  Read the cards.  God whats wrong with you people?  I get 5 from Endor, Backdoor and Endor DBay.  I get one from Security Precautions, and they give me 2	HA  The idea boggles my mind	5 + 2 + 1 = 8	WOW

'