---
layout: archive
author: ! Daniel "Corp. Drazin" Nelson
title: ! "Here us ROOOOAAAAAAAARRRRRRR"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-24
description: ! "This deck isn't about ewoks. No really. No really. :)"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Characters-26
Ithorian x4
Ewok Spearsman x10
Ewok Sentry x3
Daughter Of Skywalker x2
Kazak x2
Graak
Luke with Lightsaber
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk

Weapons-1
Anikan's Lightsaber

Locations-5
Rendevous Point
Back Door
Chief Chirpa's Hut
Jungle
Farm

Starships-5
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1
Tantive IV
Spiral
Lando in Millenium Falcon

Interrupts-17
Revealed x2
Sound The Attack x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x3
Free Ride x3
Courage Of A Skywalker x2
Ewok Rescue
Yub Yub x2
Careful Planning
The Signal

Effects-6
Do, Or Do not
Yarna d'al Gargan
Traffic Control
Bargaining Table
Frozen Assets
Mechanical Failure '

Strategy: '

Ok. Start with Back Door, Careful Planning and Farm and Jungle. You'll wanna get Daughter(with lightsaber), an Ithorian, Kazak, and about 3 Ewoks to Back Door. Your Spearsman can cary the game on there shoulders if you need them to. The Ithorians are EXTREMELY important I'd lose a Daughter before I lost them Get an Ithorian and some ewoks to each of the other sites. Help them out with Luke or Obi, chewie, or the reacting sentrys if you need to You power will be incredibly high at both locations, but destiny adders can hurt you. Watch out for the Jabba Boba 4-Lom combo.

Against Hunt Down A challenge. Your letting your opponent get out Vader on the first turn, you'll have to follow up with Luke and Obi soon after. He pretty much has to battle you, and that's what scares me.

Imperial Occ. Another challenge. This is when you will REALLY need Yub Yub, but even more so Nar shadda Wind Chimes and Bargaing Table. It'll be who can survive the longest, and I think with my retrieval potential, it might be me.

TDIGWATT Another challenge(are you seeing a pattern). This won't be AS hard to defend against. This time you'll wanna send all your mains to CC, trying to delay them. Also, use your starships till they ALL die out.

COTVG They can capture if they want to. Make it extremely hard for them to survive the way home You'll have to use your power advantage to it's FULL potential. Maybe even hit them with a lightsaber or 3.

Endor Ops What can I say, I don't think my opponent stands a chance If we were were playing standalone, SURE But with My Ithorians, and even an epp or 2, I just can't see him winning.

Raltiir Ops Scares me less than Imperial Occ. Use your starships as much as possible to delay your opponent, as well as Daughter, Chewie, Obi and Luke. This time they won't be force draining for extra though, so you should win the drain race.

These are the only plausible deck designs I can think of. Please send me a message with more you think of '