---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "Yavin0006" Alexander
title: ! "Your Standing On A          Crunch"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-07
description: ! "Feed the Rancar....it needs food......"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective

Court of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Effects

Scum and Villainy
Resistance
Broken Concentration
There is no Try
Secret Plans
No Bargain
All Wrapped Up (starting)
Security Precautions

Characters
Jabba The Hutt x2
Boelo
Ortugg
Brangus Glee
Chall Bekan
Bane Malar
Dengar with Blaster Carbine x2
Bossk with Mortar Gun x3
Ree-Yees
Djas Puhr
Boba Fett (CC)
Jodo Kast x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Tarkin
Mara Jade x2 (and u thought I left her out)

Creatures

Rancor x3
Sarlacc x2

Interrupts

Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo? x2
Elis Helrot x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2 (starting)
Trap Door x3
None Shall Pass x2

Starships

Boba Fett in Slave 1
IG-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Locations

Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Great Pit of Carkoon (start)
Tatooine Tusken canyon
Tatooine Lar's Moisture Farm
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Rancor Pit
Tatoonie AC
Tatooine

Weapons
Boba Fett's Blaster Rifle
Blaster Rifle
Mara Jade Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

This is my first try at a deck like this so feel free to kill it (but tell me how to fix it). Ok now some basic strat. Ok only 3 ships. I feel 5 is too much and I need Bossk and Dengar to capture for me. 3 Bossk because he is the best 'Rancor Feeder'. Most mains are destiny 1 and he makes to prefect card in my deck. Once fliped drain at Tatoonie and if they go there capture and feed them. Vader and Tarkin and used to attack oppent if they are just draining and leave Tatooine alone. None shall pass for AC protection. Pretty basic. Check out my member page for more of my decks and go to my site http//geocities.com/red803  bye  '