---
author: Martijn "Mare Tino" Peeters
title: Secret Celebration
side: Light
date: 2000-06-14
description: Use A New Secret Base to setup Tatooine Celebration.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (4)
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations (9)
Hoth
Tatooine
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut

Characters (17)
Ben Kenobi x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Commander Wedge Antilles
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Luke With Lightsaber x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
Zev Senesca
Bomarr Monk
Melas
Tawss Khaa

Blue (6)
Rogue 3
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Millennium Falcon x2
Redemption
Spiral

Effects (12)
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Garrison
Echo Base Operations
Haven
Insurrection
Mantellian Savrip
Tatooine Celebration
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Wise Advice
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us?
Mechanical Failure

Interrupts (12)
Alter x2
Sense x4
Grimtaash
The Signal x2
Lost In The Wilderness
Smoke Screen
Tunnel Vision

Strategy: 

Reaction to Reviews:
Yes there is a Main Power Generators in this deck (Don't be fooled).

Strategy:
Set up Hoth Base with 3 sites and Echo Base Garrison. Use EBG characters (Zev, Hobbie, Wedge) to setup EBO fast.
It's easy to get a Tatooine site by scanning your Reserve Deck with ANSB and EBG. Insurrection can get the T: DB and adds 2 to forfeit of the EBG pilots.
Use ANSB to get Tatooine and Hoth (if needed) to set up Tatooine Celebration.
With EBO the super falcon is deploy 8, power 10, three destinies and Force drain +2 at systems. You can use the other ships / pilots with Haven to drain at Hoth.

All suggestions are welcome.	 