---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "Operative Manipulator"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-01
description: ! "It is a basic force drain deck with some manipulation to wreck a big EPP Party."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control
Corulag
Swamp
Surface Defense
There is no Try
Secret Plans

Locations (10)
Forest
Jungle
Spaceport Street
Spaceport Docking Bay
Desert
Coruscant
Dagabah Cave
Coruscant Imperial Square
Executor Meditation Chamber
Death Star War Room

Characters (19)
Corulag Operative x7
DVDLOTS x2
Trooper Davin Feith
Corporal Oberk
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Barich
Mii'yoom Onith x2
Stormtrooper x2
Mara Jade

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (3)
Executor
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Death Squadron Star Destroyer

Interrupts (20)
Scanning Crew x13
Abyssan Ornament x2
Monnok x5 '

Strategy: '

This deck is an operative deck with a manipulative twist. It allows for the operatives to stay down force draining for longer by taking out all of the opponents characters. It uses scanning crew to stop all of the EPP's and rebels, and monnok along with miiyoom onith provide a lot of protection against everyone else. The opponent will not think you are running manipulator when he sees your objective and that can give you the upper hand for the rest of the game. The sites other than the generic sites are in there to give you the force you need to run manipulator, so you can scan and kill characters out of the opponents hand. When you scan and find no rebels start deploying and use miiyoom onith to get rid of the rest of the unique characters. If the opponent tries to outdraw you use the monnok to send cards back so you can keep getting rid of those characters. After your rather protected on corulag just set up the drains and finish the opponent off.

The only weakness's this deck has are some cards such as scrambled transmission and what are you trying to piush on us but the probably wont start thos when they see you pull out that operative objective. '