---
layout: archive
author: ! Jason "jade" Foss
title: ! "Hunt down with some dueling"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-10
description: ! "Please rate this deck that hase don extremely well lately for me."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Hunt Down
Holo Theater
Meditation Chamber
Visage
Epic Duel
Pre Defences
Secret Plans
Mob Points
IAO

Locations
Cloud City Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay
Carida

Characters
Epp Vader[3]
Darth Vader DLOTS[3]
Mara Jade[2]
Emporer Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim aloo
Janus Greejatus
Iggy With gun
Brangus Glee

BLUE[6]
Tempest 1
Zuckus In Ship
Boba In Ship
Dengar in Ship
Bossk in Ship
Dreadnaugt

Effects
Come Here You Big coward
Security Precations
Reactor Terminal
Visage

Interupts
Vaders Obsesion[2]
Circle Is now Complete[2]
Focused Attack[2]
Whepon Of an Ungrateful son
Wheapon Lev
Hutt Smooch
Put All Sections On alert[3]
Masterful move[4]
Alter [3]
Sence

Whepons
Vaders Saber
Darthes Saber
Maras saber
'

Strategy: '

This Deck Has only lost 1 game in the last 3 tounys.Im not going to go into how to use the docking bays and how to get around honar cause everybody nows already so i will tell you why i play some of the ccards i do.

CARIDA=This is just so I can Pull it with mob poins and Get 2 exetra force plus it helps me satify Battle plan

Death Star docking bay=Projection of a skywalker can't go here plus put all sections on alert works here.

Cloud city Docking bay=Projection can't go here.

Endor Docking Bay=Lot's of force Is requied for them  to go to or from here.

Brangus Glee= This guy is good when you play with lot's of docking bay.your docking bay transit is free when going to or from same site.

DLOTS=He is just better than all the others the only one close is lord vader

Sim Aloo= Helps dueiling adds destiny with emporer is awsom

Emporer Palpatine=He is just good cool combo is him with sim aloo and janus greejatus = 2 destinys and adds 1 to force drains

Grand Moff Tarkin= cancel a destiny with vader is just very good

Mara jade= Duel with vaders obsesion and lose no effect.

Dreadnaugt= My favorite ship in the game low deploy and abitity 2 means with any of the other bounty hunter ships it draws at least 1 destiny

Dengar in punishing one=Cancels immunity to attrition so you can say by to the super falcon and home one also great against swarms.

Tempest 1= just to provide exrtra ground power

Masterful move=just so you can track and win duels
with.

Put all sections on alert=awsom destiny 6 card let's me cancel the gamtext of one of those anoying epps like han so they dont draw as many desties plus they cant shoot also you can star tracking them.

Hutt smooch= this card is better than sniper in my mind because it is automatic sniper is't plus you have to have a whepon there to use sniper.

Whepon of a ungrateful son=love this card when your opponet uses his lightsaber to increase a drain put it in his used pile and next turn go duel him

Security Precations=This deck has some problems with hidden base decks So I put this in to help that matchup out.

Secret Plans= this card is awsome it shuts down those mind what you have learned decks that just flip and retrieve there entire lost pile.

Darth vader saber=Helps me win duels

Matchups

Against mind what you have lerned
Just do your regular stuff and you should win this game Be very careful about dueling After they flip because they probaly have a seven stacked.

Against there is good in him
Pick up luke immedietly and duel obi so
there 2 heavy hitters are out of the game
From there out just don'tlose duels and you should win this game.

Against hidden base
just do your regular stuff get security
precations out and probe there hidden base
you should win but it will be closer than the
others.

Against Mains
just use your high destinys to duel there guys and crush there epps

That's pretty much what people play in my area.






'