---
layout: archive
author: ! Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: ! "Another Hidden Base"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-13
description: ! "Hidden base that is fairly balanced between land and space, with a little manipulation to go along."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective Hidden Base

Locations (13)
Alderaan
Coruscant
Hoth
Kessel x2
Kiffex
Tatooine
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4
Cantina
Jundland Wastes
Mos Eisley
Tosche Station

Characters (12)
Ben Kenobi
Boshek
Boushh
Chewie of Kashyyk
Cmdr Wedge
DOS
General Solo
Figrin D’an
Ishi Tib
Luke Skywalker
Master Luke
Oola

Starships (7)
Artoo in Red 5
Corvette
Gold Squadron Y-Wing
Lando in Falcon
Redemption
Red Squadron X-Wing
Tantive IV

Interrupts (9)
Direct Assault
Grimtaash
Houjix
Punch It
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated
Tunnel Vision x2

Effects (14)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Haven
Mantellian Savrip
Order to Engage
Our Most Desperate Hour x2
Tatooine Celebration
The Planet That It’s Farthest From
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Wise Advice
Yoda’s Gimer Stick

Weapons (4)
Anakin’s Stick
Obi’s Stick
Quad Laser Cannons
X-Wing Cannons
'

Strategy: '

	This is my first hidden base deck, so I would appreciate any pointers that you could give me.  I&#8217;m not sure how well it will work in a tourney, but I&#8217;ll try it for you anyway.
	When playing this deck, I don&#8217;t like to flip the objective until I am sure that my opponent has nothing left in space.  This is usually deep into the game, when the flip side will work the best anyway.  At that point in the game the force drains that I will cancel will probably give me the ability to survive long enough to win.  Having to use a force for each force picked up will keep the one or two starships left in my opponent&#8217;s deck from coming up easily.  At that point I should be able to drain in space without any trouble and don&#8217;t have to worry about the ground.
	Before I flip the objective I concentrate on taking control of Tatooine.  Once this is done I can force drain and use the celebration, which should have been already set up, as well as keeping OMDH going.
Here is the reason for some of	the cards
Alderaan a system that is often used as the Hidden Base, so it will most likely trick my opponent into going there.
Ishi Tib great for card tracking
Oola keeps opponent&#8217;s characters that get deployed to a minimum
Figrin another good card tracker
Direct Assault takes out opponent&#8217;s starships pretty easily.  Executor and Fett in Ship are prime targets.
Grimtaash keeps opponent&#8217;s cards down low enough to Oola to work
Transmission Terminated slows hunt down
Legendary Starfighter use is pretty obvious.  I put it on Red 5 or falcon if possible, is basically its own force drain.
Yoda&#8217;s Gimer Stick gives me both the opportunity to stop one of my opponent&#8217;s force drains and a safe haven on the ground for my manipulators.  It also works great with OTG.
Ultimatum stops the few numbers decks that are still around, as well as keeping my opponent&#8217;s drains to a low 2.
Quad Cannons and X-Wing Cannons primarily for Direct Assault, can also be used to get rid of those annoying bounty hunter ships.
'