---
layout: archive
author: ! Alan "Curse" Finch
title: ! "Direct Damage II"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-24
description: ! "This deck seeks to do damage to your opponent directly. Not through normal means such as force drains and the like which can easily be cancelled or modified. This is a well tested WINNING deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Effects (13)
Advantage
All My Urchins
Do, Or Do Not
Goo Nee Tay
Insurrection
Legendary Starfighter
Lightsaber Proficiency
No Disintegrations
Order To Engage
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
Yoda's Gimer Stick

Interrupts (10)
Double Agent
Grimtaash
Noble Sacrifice x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated
Weapon Levitation

Characters (19)
Boushh
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Commander Vanden Willard
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Kensaric
General Crix Madine
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Jeron Webb
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Lieutenant Greeve
Luke With Lightsaber
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
R-3PO
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Sergeant Junkin
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Weapons (1)
X-wing Laser Cannon

Starships (9)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing x3
Spiral
Tantive IV

Locations (8)
Cloud City Guest Quarters
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room '

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THIS

UPDATE Direct Damage III has been posted and it is a major improvement over this - check it out.

UPDATE WOOPS, I noticed that I have Leia W/Blaster in the list - she's not supposed to be there Also, Take out Lightsaber Proficency for Wise Advice There, now I definately don't need MWYHL

--------------------------

This is an EXTREMLY tough deck to play with. However, it does work effectively if you know what your doing. I have throughly  tested this deck and it works very well on almost all deck types Please, when you review this deck consider that this is no typical deck. It does not seek to prevent your opponent from damaging you, it just seeks to do more damage to him.

Basic Strategy This deck combats your opponent mainly through the use of damaging effects. Pay close attention to what your opponent is doing then put your counters to use. This strategy is backed by retrieval using Noble Sacrifice combined with Insurrection.

(UPDATED) Starting Start with Rendezvous Point and Signal an effect. Most of the time this should be Insurrection. However, this can change as per your opponents Objective or starting effect.

Card Comments Obviously, you cannot use every applicable card in a 60 card deck. These are some of the reasons I chose some of these.

-Effects
Goo Nee Tay - Stops some forms of manipulation and helps slow down DS Mains. This is a necessary effect since this deck can be hurt by M'iiyoom Onith.

Order to Engage - Really hurt's when used tactfully with Yoda's Gimer Stick.

The Planet That It's Farthers From - Totally shuts down Opratives and keeps you from being hurt with drain adders.

Traffic Control - This is a very needed card in this kind of deck. Depending on your opponents strategy this allows you to place you un-needed effects back in your life force.

Yoda's Gimer Stick - A great card to help you set up Advantage and the effects of Order to Engage.

-Interrupts The only thing you might not get here is Weapon Levitation. Besides it's obvious use of stealing weapons, it also cancels You are beaten, which cancels Uncontrolable Fury. These are THE cards when combating Hunt Down decks. Double Agent can be really mean with all your spies and Mara seeing a lot of use.

Transmission Terminated - This is really only in here to stop your opponent from Ghhhk(ing) out of a battle. This is because it's not a very reliable way to cancel Visage - (that's why I have so many spies) that's why I only have one.

-Characters
Momaw Nadon - Spy's are always necessary in a deck. And, besides this he can control some of the popular creatures being used.

Boushh - She's great. What else can you say.

Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk - He is mainly in here due to Crix being able to pull in from my reserve deck. Plus, when your opponent deploys Vader you can Sacrifice Chewie and retrieve 9

R-3PO - severly hurts ISB.

Everybody else makes for best staying power when combined with Insurrection.

-Weapons
X-Wing Laser Cannon - Kill those bounty hunter ships

-Ships Enough space to really hold a system down or hurt an unsespecting opponent. Your definatly not weak in this department.

-Locations No Shelter Good activation for you and little for your opponent.


Combating Specific Decks - Other than using the key effects against the right decks here are a couple of notes.

Hunt Down No contest. Start with Goo Nee Tay. Then Signal for Uncontrolable Fury. Wait for your opponent to flip his objective then play Fury. Throw Boushh at an executor site and cancel visage and drain. Your opponent can't stop you from draining at at least one Executor site with her there. This deck really stomps on Hunt Down as long as you don't do something stupid with Luke or Obi.

Space Hold all your ships at the best system to drain with. Be sure to save force for your cannon. Slight Weapons Malfunction and Legendary Starfighter will be great.

(UPDATED) ROPS You'll have some good fun with Tawss, Gimer Stick, and Order to Engage. Then after all this Advantage It'll be a hard pressed fight but, you should have the space power to hold Raltiir down.

The other decks should be fairly obvious on how to combat with the cards included.

------------------------

REVIEW NOTES

MWYHL - I just don't like to give out that much force to start with plus the two additional cards it would require just don't help all that much. I'd rather keep the No Shelter theme going plus w/ Tatooine you can at least drain and it's a battleground (for Come Here You Big Coward).  I've played this basic deck design with MWYHL and it really doesn't help that much. Even with Yoda at his hutt - most of these characters have GREAT forfit so they end up getting spent for battle damage anyway. If I'm playing a big SAC deck they will end up getting hurt just as much as I am and their resulting loss of life will give me the upper hand. Plus, they probably won't be able to get rid of all of my mean interrupts and effects because I have just SO many. That's when I battle and use Boushh to her full effectiveness. Plus, in this deck you do need a battleground system if you decide to drain - or if you need to retrieve. Trust me, I've tested this deck both ways.

'