---
layout: archive
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! "Return of the killer EBO"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-25
description: ! "All-out Echo Base Ops."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations8
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth
Yavin 4
Tatooine
Mon Calamari
Kiffex

Characters10
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Boushh
Orrimaarko
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Zev Senesca
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Commander Wedge Antilles
Melas

Starships16
X-wing x12
X-wing Assault Squadron
Independence
Masanya
Home One

Interrupts12
It Could Be Worse x3
Organized Attack x2
Surprise Assault
The Signal x2
All Wings Report In
Out Of Nowhere
Lost In The Wilderness
Its A Hit

Effects9
Echo Base Garrison
Haven
Traffic Control
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation x2
Honor Of A Jedi
Rebel Fleet
Docking And Repair Facilities


Weapons2
X-wing Laser Cannon'

Strategy: '

Well, this is pretty much your normal EBO deck, with a few twists.  For those of you who dont know how this works, here it goes
1st turn get out Echo Base Garrison and the War Room.	With EBG you pull a Rouge Squadron pilot and put him in the War Room.
2nd turn get out 2 other Hoth sites and deploy another pilot
3rd turn get out EBO and start launching your X-wings

This deck utilitizes the best of the X-wings without S-foils, using cards such as Organized Attack and Incom Corporation.  Incom Corp. is included twice in my deck because it allows me to draw destiny with only 2 x-wings, not 4.  It also raises their power by one.  I havent included any drain 3 systems because I cant pull them and I dont want 0s floating around.  Use Haven at either Hoth or Yavin 4, depending on where you need it most.  Now for specific strategies against certain deck types.  Use Its A Hit to cancel opponents drains at systems you control.  The Mon Cal Cruisers are for even more power and holding the people you used to start up EBO.

vs. Hunt Down Drain the heck out of them.  Use Honor Of The Jedi.  When Vader gets out, kill him.

vs. ROps Get control of their planet system fast.  Their space fleet will be no match for you.

vs. Court Watch out for their starships, especially Zuckuss In Mist Hunter.  Hopefully if they get an easy beatdown on 2 x-wings, you can deploy a bunch and beat them down.

vs. D* Tough match.  Save your ICBW and Sense for if they blow up Hoth.  I screwed a deck like this with ICBW.  I was extremely lucky that he had no Its Worse, which is the reason Its A Hit is in here.  Beat down their star destroyers and drain quickly.

vs. the new D*II objective  Put Luke in a starship as a pilot to protect him.	Shouldnt be too hard to win.

vs. Anything Else Use the x-wings to drain the heck out of them and use the characters to annoy them.

Thats all for now.  Please tell me what to take out as well as what to put in.
Thanx
---Carson'