---
author: brad "swccguy" eier
title: Whoever thought mosep was good?
side: Dark
date: 2000-02-29
description: A dark this deal deck, sets up big drains, and with mosep they come from the reserve deck.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:1
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF

Locations:7
Downtown Plaza(always start)
Upper Walkway
Casino
East Platform Docking Bay
Port Town District
Besipn: Cloud City
Bespin

Vehicles:3
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker

Weapons:1
Vader's Lightsaber

Starships:9
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x 2
Executor

Characters:18
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Ephant Mon
J'Quille
Jodo Kast
Jabba
Lobot
Lando Calrissian
Mosep x 3
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Commander Igar
Admiral Ozzel
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader

Effects:15
Secret Plans (start)
All Wrapped Up (start)
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Battle Order
Dark Deal
Come Here You Big Coward!
Crush The Rebellion
Broken Concentration
Imperial Arrest Order
Cloud City Occupation
Presence Of The Force x 2
There'll Be Hell To Pay x 2

Interrupts:6
Twi'lek Advisor x 2 (x1 start)
Hutt Smooch x 2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Monnok


Strategy: 

The plan is simple: set up big drains, set up occupation, counter their deck, battle if needed, win, and have some fun.


in response to reviews:
a lot of people say i don't activate much- i'll change that, allhough if i start w/plaza and iao, i can pull system and sector, by turn 3 i'm activating 8+ force.
thanks for all the constructive help everyone has given me.

the start: (6 cards)- objective, then use it to pull secret plans and all wrapped up. use a twilek to get what you need to counter their deck.
use the downtown plaza, a good draining location, plus good text (may use 1 force to retrieve a cc site)
what to do: set up big drains with dark deal, presence of the force, sabers and the like. the great thing is you don't need to flip to win!
use the 9 ships to hold the system and sector (those os guys are eack like power 6-7 at bespin!)
get mosep in a walker in the middle of your locations. always pull system first turn, second pull occupation, 3rd sector, last dark deal.
2x hutt smooch cause uc spies would hurt this. no sac protection because its not real big here an most stuff is immune.
fun stuff to do: against a 1-turn destiny adding light deck, put vader/tarkin/kast/crush the rebellion out. cancel first destiny w/ tarkin, second w/ kast, and ohh wait they only draw 2 on cc with crush out.

vs specific stuff:
profit- well, you get out all wrapped up and secret plans free, then i would say use twilek for battle order, as most profit decks generate low force and are light in space.

mwyhl-this is the hardest to beat. start normal, use twilek to start broken concentration.  set up fast, get some occupation going. if they pull off test 1, no big deal, just put presences on locations and still drain for 2 or 3 all around.
put out chybc so they have to come to you.  against a test 5 deck, they will lose all their cards to mosep before they finish all the tests.

hidden base-start sec precautions if you think normal hb, but chybc if it looks like some screwy asteroid deck. dont go away from bespin till they flip.  you should be able to outdrain a hb deck.

operatives-start battle order. this deck can outdrain ops. heck, if you want to you can go there and beat them down on their home planet!


if u have any questions, fell free to ask, i can explain every cards use in this deck.




