---
author: Stu "Stu™" McCurdy
title: Isb's not dead, just build it right
side: Dark
date: 2000-09-03
description: flip objective early, and get decree out
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective :

Isb Ops

Locations (8)

curuscant
ds2 docking bay
hoth docking bay
yavin 4 docking bay
hoth defensive perimiter
endor docking bay
endor back door
executor docking bay

Characters (17)

lord of the sith
lord vader
tarkin
outer rim scout x3
mara jade
ozzel
chall bacon
Colonel wulf
5d6-ra-7
sgt. torent
officer evax
fett w/rifle
dr. e
4-lon w/rifle
lt. renz


weapons (3)

jade's lightsaber
vader's lightsaber x2

ships/vehicles (8)

bossk in tooth
fett in slave 1
dreadnaught
zuckuss
flagship executor
Blizzard 2
tempest 1
tempest scout 6

effects (13)

bad feeling
secutiry precaut.
imperial arrest order
mobilization points
imperial decree
resistance
reactor terminal
come here you coward
lasteral damage
presence of the force x2
oppresive enforecement
there will be hell to pay

interrupts (10)

imperial barrier x2
always thinking with your stomach
masterful move
you are beaten
res luk ra'auf
twi'lek advisor x2
monnok
prepared defences


Strategy: 

don't tell me blount will beat this deck, you will have so much force with this deck, you will rape blount as soon as he comes down, barrier him, leteral damage him and pound the crap out of him

this deck is based around docking bays, and the fact that if you control the hoth:docking bay and yavin 4:docking bay, the objective flips and imperial decree is in effect

start with imperial arrest, mobilization points and either decree, resistance, or oppresive enforcement depending what kinda deck you are against.  First turn, deploy a 1/0 docking bay and throw down s cheap isb, you should draw one.  Next turn, you generate 6 force by yourself and give your opponent no force.  after this , keep your force generation advantage and take control of hoth and yavin by moving the people off the docking bay you put them on at the beginning.  then concentrate on outdraining

against hidden base : there is enough air in this deck to take out hidden base, get drains in on the ground as best you can until he flips, then get security precaut. out (find it or twi'lek) and find his hidden base with the ships in the deck, there are plenty

against profit : cancel his modifyers, outdrain him and make sure you don't leave yourself too vulnerable, fortify where you go and try to get imperial barrier in hand.  get 5d6 on tattoine to make his drains -1

against training : cancel his force retrieval with come here you big coward, if he gets around this, make sure you get his on the edge with there will be hell to pay.	because of the presence of the force, you can drain for enough without modifyers to kill him

against ebo: just cancel his modifyers, the deck is designed to do it, then he's screwed, jst outdrain him

