---
author: Kevin "DrGiggles" Rio
title: (Sniff, Sniff)Uhhh, that's some BAAAD cheese
side: Light
date: 2000-06-30
description: This is a really cheesey deck which uses Asteroid Sanctuary and a couple other forms of direct damage to chip away at the opponent. Not to mention it can get around CHYBC and Search & Destroy.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Mind What You Have Learned

Locations:
Dagobah
Anoat x2
Asteroid Field x7
Big One x3
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut

Characters:
Chewbacca
Captain Han Solo x2
Luke Skywalker x2
Tiree x2
Arcona x4
Boussh x2

Starships:
Millenium Falcon x2
Artoo-Deeto in Red 5 x2
Gold 2 x2

Effects:
Asteroid Sanctuary x3
Polarized Negative Power Coupling
Order To Engage
The Planet It Is Farthest From
Hiding In The Garbage
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
Wise Advice

Interrupts:
Rebel Barrier x4
Tunnel Vision x4
Visored Vision x5
The Signal x4

Strategy: 

(This is a pre-D*II deck)
NOTE: REMOVE A TUNNEL VISION AND A REBEL BARRIER FOR TWO HOUJIX. THANKS.

First things first. Choosing MWYHL is obvious...but if you can't see it I'll explain it:
A)Alter protection: Asteroid Sanctuary is not Immune To Alter, so +4 really helps.
B)Starting Effect: Your opponent may change his starting Effect to Broken Concentration now that he sees this
C)The Planet It Is Farthest From: I chose this over JT1 because JT1 requires several cards and can be countered easily. MWYHL lets me start Dagobah to put TPIIFF on it.
D)Better than HB: Hidden Base limits my drains at Big One to 1. This Objective doesn't.

Obviously CHYBC kills this deck. First of all, in my area it's going out of popularity quite quickly. But I know I'll get a bad rating if I don't address it. So I've allowed a way for me to get around the 2 battleground limit. Simply drop some Arconas and OTE to cause 3 Force loss a turn and help with COTVG and S&D as well as CHYBC. Heres how I deal with certain strategies:

Vs Hunt Down: As you notice, I have very little Hunt Down protection. This may sound dumb, but I feel that TTerminated is too specific. Start Polarized Negative Power Coupling, as Wise Advice won't matter with +8 draws on the 0 side of HD. Start VVisions ASAP. Also search for Wise Advice and get the Sanctuary going.

Vs RallOps: Start Polarized Negative Power Coupling, as it will take them a few turns to get out Vader. Get Sanctuary rolling fast. Drop Arconas to Ralltiir sites (except where Arnet is at) and set up OTE. That 3 a turn will hurt, as will VVisions and Sanctuary and maybe Fury. Boussh can block a drain as well. Use VVision lost on Trample to keep Boussh and your Arconas alive.

Vs Ops: Start The Planet It Is Farthest From. By the time they come and cancel it, your Sanctuary and VVisions and Arcona/OTE combo will have beaten them down quite badly.

Vs Big Blue: Start PNPC. Get Sanctuary going...but make sure you have a Barrier in hand to escape if you need to. This should be a hard game but they might be scared to come into the Asteroids. Try and keep some Asteroid sectors off the table and track them to take out their Executor or other SDs.drains.

Vs CCT: Give them Boussh. Set up all your direct damage and you'll do fine. Not that you'll ever see this at a tourney but still...

Vs Court: Start PNPC. Drop your Arconas/OTE ASAP to block their mini-Visage. Set up Sanctuary and

Vs Endor Ops: Start PNPC. This will be a hard game. Use TPIIFF to slow down one of their drains. Set up Arconas/OTE on Endor. Use VVisions every possible chance. Drop Fury if Vader makes an appearance. This will be a hard game, but hopefully your direct damage will outmatch their drain at the Big One's. It'll be hard for them to win with their mini-Visage gone and no mains to capture. Don't deploy Boussh, because they probably have a Hutt Smooch or use Nevar Yalnal and Mara Jade.
