---
layout: archive
author: ! Dan "Mystikal" Christy
title: ! "ISB  Mystikal Style"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-05
description: ! "Abuse of IAO and Mobilization Pts. to generate so fast that your opponent will have a stroke."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
ISB Operations/ The Empire's Sinister Agents

Agents
2x Outer Rim Scout
Chall Bekan
Colonel Wulf Yularen
Commander Merrejk
Officer Evax
Corporal Vandolay
Captain Jonus
Lt. Pol Treidum
5D6-RA-7

Non-Agents
2x Lord Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Nemet
Captain Sarkli
Commander Igar
Jabba The Hutt
Boba Fett w/Blaster Rifle
Mosep
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
4-LOM w/Concussion Rifle
U-3P0

Localities
Coruscant
Wakeelmui
Coruscant Imperial Square
C Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
2x Spaceport Docking Bay

Effects
Oppressive Enforcement
There Is No Try
Search And Destroy
You Cannot Hide Forever
Come Here You Big Coward
Broken Concentration
Reactor Terminal
Something Special Planned For Them
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
First Strike
Crush The Rebellion
Security Precautions

Starships and Vehicle
Tempest 1
Zuckus In Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught-Cass Heavy Cruiser
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera

Weapons
2x Vader's Lightsaber

Interrupts
Twi'lek Advisor
Ghhhk
Prepared Defenses
Monnok
Masterful Move
Nevar Yalnal

Tech
Fighters Coming In
'

Strategy: '

Start IAO, Mobil Pts. and whatever suits the occasion. Start Coruscant unless the start HB. then start the Square so you can convert later. Pull Wakeelmui before you activate. Get out your 1/0 DB's first then put 1 SP DB at Coruscant and 1 at Wakeelmui. Those 2 and the Endor DB provide your 3 to side-step HOTJedi. The Admiral's Order is sweet as it adds to your drains at DB's related to systems you control.You do get some power taken away, but you are not really out to be battling with the ships at that point anyways. If you do need to battle, then don't deploy it. jeez. Most of the agents are Imperial due to the forfeit bonus of IAO, but if Eloms are still big where you are, then ORS will do it nearly as well. Do your best to work Nevar Yalnal with First Strike so you can retrieve it. Lt. Pol is tech for spy cover breaking too. Imperial Decree might make a nice addition. LT. Blount isn't much of a problem. Either go at him with Vader, or 4-LOM him, that will save you for a turn anyways. He can be dealt with.  If you have questions then send me a message, preferably before you rate this. Suggestions are also welcome either by message or in your review. Enjoy  '