---
layout: archive
author: ! Brandon "Droid Pimp" Gravo
title: ! "Give Away A Free Vacation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-07
description: ! "This deck will give your opponent a free vacation to the bottom of the rankings with its massive beat down power."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Death Star (SL)
DS War Room
Coruscant
Imperial Square
Ice Plains
Wampa Cave
Meditation Chamber
Dagobah Cave

Characters (18)
DLOTS x2
Darth Vader x2
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Bane Malar
U-3PO
ECC IG-88
EJP Dengar
ECC 4-LOM
Commander Igar
Djas Puhr
Jabba The Hutt
Dannik Jerriko
EJP Bossk
Jodo Kast

Starships (8)
Dreadnaught
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
DSSD
Executor
Bossk In Party Wagon
Avenger
Vengence

Vehicles (1)
Tempest 1

Interrupts (11)
Twi'Lek Advisor x3
Evader x2
Torture x3
Projective Telepathy x2
Alter

Effects (11)
First Strike
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Presence Of The Force
Oppressive Enforcement
Crush The Rbellion
Reactor Terminal
Come Here You Big Coward
A Bright Center To The Universe

Weapons (3)
Vader's Saber x2
Jade's Saber


'

Strategy: '

I just play this deck a tourney.  The only difference was a Torture was Masterful Move and POTF was a Ghhhk.  First thing that I want to say is this is not meant to be a force choke deck.  My locations just happen to provide only me with force.  Because of this we hace CTR with two evaders to kill those revo's.	The alter is also good at this and can get rid of other bad stuff as well.  I played this against three very different decks so at the tourney and did very well, only losing one game by 3.  The usual start is DS.  I'll just go into strategy vs. specific deck types now.

Vs. Ops Start DS and Battle Order.  There is no way they can even occupy space for more than a couple of turns.  Try to use starfighters so they can't Landing Claw you.  Capitals are for HB only, or you can move them to the DS.  Now you get out ABCTTU and battle them to death on the ground.  I played against one of these and flipped the damn objective back.  Projective Telepathy is fun to play after they just paid three to drain you for 1.

Vs. HB Start Dagobah Cave and Pracautions.  Just fight them where ever they are and probe.  Shouldn;t be to hard and I think Alter will work on eject eject here.

Vs. Profit I played one of these too. Start Jabba and Mara.  First Strike will make them pay for all those interrupts.  Alter will kill the Bacta Tank and Dannik Jerrico will have fun eating soup, especially Han's.  My opponent didn't even come close to flipping and Dannik ate Master Luke's soup and that of another scrub too.  I started Secret Plans but would probably start First Strike instead.

Vs. MWYHL  Watch to see where they are going.	You should start moving the DS to Dagobah in case they are testing to 5.  Start CHYBC and just kick their ass where ever they are.  Unless they have battle ground locations they won't be draining or retrieving.

The only deck that I lost to(by 3) was a #'s cheese deck that started RP and tried to drain at Kessel while having characters witha Destiny  total of 16 out.	I got hit by NTMTO for 16, 13, and 13 even though I canceled it four times.  If I would have had one battleground site I would have won so I put in POTF to make one.  I want to put in an Unexpected Interruption and Elis.  I'm not sure what to take out but I'm guessing tht it will be Igar and Tempest 1.  Also, I'd probably drop Djas and put in another Mara if I had two. '