---
layout: archive
author: ! Joe "Average Joe" F.
title: ! "It s a CCT deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-20
description: ! "Simple CCT.  Freeze the 1st captive, get more captives, freeze them, flip, retrieve, win.  (Pretty easy. I think.)"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (8)
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Cloud City Security Tower
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Kashyyyk
Tatooine
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Jundland Wastes

Characters (18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Boba Fett
Boelo
Chall Bekan
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Djas Puhr
Feltipern Trevagg
Gailid
IG-88 with Riot Gun
J'Quille
Jabba the Hutt
Lando Calrissian
M'iiyoom Onith
Niado Duegad
Ugnaught  x3

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
IG-88 in IG-2000
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (14)
Elis Helrot  x2
Hutt Smooch  x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?  x3
Prepare The Chamber  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3
We Have A Prisoner  x2

Effects (11)
All Wrapped Up
Battle Order
Carbon-Freezing  x2
Come Here You Big Coward
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Scum And Villainy
Security Precautions
Tentacle
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Devices (1)
Carbonite Chamber Console

Objective
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration
'

Strategy: '

The default starting effect is All Wrapped Up, anything else can work though (Sec PRecautions for HB, etc.)

Before the flip
Freeze the captive as soon as possible.  First thing pulled with CCConsole is Carbon Freezing, then Prepare the Chamber, then Ugnaugts.  Get out sites with the objective.  Get the frozen captive to the Audience Chamber; flip.

After the flip
Make sure you get the flip, it gives the deck so much more.  Aliens all immune to attrition <4.  With Scum and Villany (which is immune to Alter and can be deployed from RD when you have a frozen captive at the audience chamber), you retrieve 2 for initiating a battle and all aleins (all characters in deck except 2 droids) deploy -1.

Generally
Some drains will hurt LS (Judland Wastes mostly.)  Space is in there just in case there is none for LS.  In space, Kashyyyk and Tatooine for drains.  Otherwise, battle, battle, battle.  While battleing, try to capture too.	Comments are welcome, thanks  If the can be no battleing (b/c theres no one on the ground to fight), spread and drain as much as possible.    '