---
layout: archive
author: ! Brian "bgkenobi" Garrison
title: ! "Post DSII YOPS"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-26
description: ! "This deck uses the Y-Wings to flip Local Uprising, while dealing with the DSII Operative Hate cards."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations 9
1x	Rallitir
1x	Swamp
1x	Forest
1x	Desert
1x	Jungle
1x	Spaceport Docking Bay
1x	Home One War Room
1x	Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
1x	R-Point

Characters 17
1x	Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
2x	EPP Obi-Wan
1x	Luke Skywalker
1x	General Calrissian
1x	Nien Numb
1x	EPP Han Solo
1x	ECC Chewie
9x	Rallitir Operative

Starships 14
10x	Y-Wing
1x	Gold Squadron 1
1x	Home One
1x	Liberty
1x	Spiral

Effects 7
1x	Traffic Control
1x	Battle Plan
1x	Squadron Assignments
1x	Honor Of The Jedi
1x	Bargaining Table
1x	Goo Ne Tay
1x	Insurrection

Weapons
1x	Luke’s Lightsaber

Interrupts 12
3x	Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
2x	All Wings Report In
1x	Punch It
1x	Life Debt
1x	The Signal
1x	Their Heading For The Medical Frigate
2x	Houjix

Objective 1
1x	Local Uprising/Liberation
'

Strategy: '

How to Play -

	Ok, this is a standard Y-Wing/Operatives deck.	This one is set up on Rallitir to give anyone playing RalOps a headache.  You use the Operatives and the Y-Wings to set up the planet and to flip the Objective.  Use Jedi Luke and EPP Obi-Wan to add any muscle that is needed on your planet or to disrupt the happenings on other planets.	Home One, Liberty, and any one of the two different Super Falcons in the deck can be used to counter act any space actions that your opponent attempts against you.
	Why will this work even after DSII has a lot of Operative Hate cards in it?  What some people fail to notice with the anti-operative cards that were released in DSII is that when the two Effects hit the table, they do not immediately kill the operatives.	Your opponent must still complete the instructions on the two Effects.	Leave Them To Me for the Dark Side and Let&#8217;s Keep A Little Optimism Here still require your opponent to occupy an Operative target planet location.  So if you are playing against RalOps, you are in trouble with their people on the ground.  But if you read the Effects closely, it does not say anything about Operatives not being able to flip their Objective.  They are only Forfeit = 0 and do not add to Force Drains.  So what you do is flip your Objective, and start battling your opponent off of your planet.  Once they are no longer occupying an Operative planet location, you Force Drain them away.
	The second Anti-Operative card type that is in DSII is the two characters that flip your Objective back.  Colonel Salm for the LS & Capitan Sarkli.  Both of these characters anti-operative game text require them to occupy the Operative Planet system in order to flip the Objective back to the 0 side.  Even with this character occupying the system, the Operatives are Force Draining for 2 at each planet location, something that neither of these characters have any control over.  It is also a certain guarantee that all Operative Decks will pack enough starships to get rid of these two guys ASAP.  If they do deploy to the system, they will not be there for very long.  Thus the objective flips back.
	How will this deck combat these two Bullet cards?  To deal with the Effect leave Them To Me, all you need to do is just kick your opponent off of your planet.	Jedi Luke and EPP Obi will be good for that, as will EPP Han Solo and ECC Chewie.  These guys with the Operatives and a flipped objective will not only get rid of the unwanted guests, but also should inflict some good battle damage.  This is one way to get rid of the powers of the Effect.
	The other Bullet card is Captain Sarkli.  He is easier to get rid of than the Effect.  You simply load up the Rallitir system with Home One and Liberty.  They deploy to the system, you simply crush them at the system.  If they try to bring down a beat squadron, react with the Spiral and even use a couple of Y-Wings.  You should be able to control the Rallitir system rather easily, negating any attempt to use Capitan Sarkli as your opponent&#8217;s only Operative defense.
	That is it.  If you get the Objective flipped fast enough, and are able to keep your opponent off your planet, you should be in pretty good shape.  Also, if they fail to play either one of these cards, well, then you should smoke them.  Thanks for reading.
'