---
layout: archive
author: ! Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: ! "EBO v 2"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-10
description: ! "This is my updated EBO deck.  The principle is the same, get EBO out by turn 3, and use control for drains."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
Hoth MPG
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
ANSB

Locations 10
Hoth Echo Command Center (war room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Kiffex
Yavin IV
Corulag
Chandrila
Hoth
Mon Calamari

Characters 11
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Commander Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Mon Mothma
Figrin D'an

Starships 14
A-Wing x7
Red Leader In Red 1
Home One
Defiance
Liberty
Masanya
Spiral
Tantive IV

Weapons 4
A-Wing Cannon x4

Effects 4
Traffic Control
Reflection
EBO
Echo Base Garrison

Interrupts 13
A Few Maneuvers x4
Control x5
The Signal x2
All Wings Report In
Noble Sacrifice

'

Strategy: '

***Sorry, Take out 1 control for Gen. Walex Blissex***

This is mostly the same deck with some new twists on starships.  The big change is that I added A-wings, their cannons, and a few maneuvers instead of B-wings.  Like before I try and get out EBO using the three snowspeeder pilots at the echo sites.  I get out EBG and the War room on the 1st turn, and get Zev.	On turn 2 I get the other 2 echo sites.  On turn 3 I get EBO deploy everything along with a couple of starships.  Red Leader in Red 1 and an A-Wing or something similar.  By the third turn you will always have a system.  I added in the two docking bays so I can just transport my guys off if things get bad, or if I want to for no reason.  (After All, who would want to live on an ice cube that doesn't have enough life to fill a star crusier? j/k)  I can also deploy my EPP's and ECC's on Hoth and transport them off instead of right to a battle if the need arises.  The A-Wings can be deadly with cannons and a few manuvers, they are maneuver 7, and with a meager 2, it's goodbye to half of a tie interceptor swarm, and that's with only 4 cannons.  You can add more or take them out depending on the number of starfighters in your area.

Once again I appreciate your feedback + and -, and...

"May The Force Be With You
'