---
author: Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: Heart Of Darkness (Dueling By Hoostino)
side: Dark
date: 2000-11-28
description: Based on a fluttering thought of mine. Makes dueling (and battling) insanely easy and effective.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Purple (2)
HDADTJ
Epic Duel

Locations (6)
Executor: Holotheater
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
CC: Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Rendili

Characters (20)
Lord Vader x3
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x3
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
ECC IG-88
EJP Dengar
Commander Igar
Colonel Jendon
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Captain Sarkli

Blue (8)
Executor
Zuckuss In Hunter
Dreadnaught x3
Blizzard Walker
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Weapons (3)
Vaders Lightsaber x2
Maras Lightsaber

Interrupts (13)
Prepared Defenses
Trample x2
Masterful Move x2
Operational As Planned x2
Vaders Obsession x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
You Are Beaten
Focused Attack

Effects (7)
Mobilazation Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Search And Destroy
Visage Of The Emperor x3


Strategy: 

UPDATE
I know it’s dangerous to put the Executor out, but that’s why I wait until I can drop some forfeit bait on it. At least a Dreadnaught, hell. Against a pure space, I won’t put it down, in fear of tricks like Power Pivot. Just be careful with it and you’ll be fine.

Agent SD is a frickin idiot. HD + Enforcement, and SAC will kill this? WTF?

I have modified this heavily, I will be posting a Ver. 2 sometime perhaps.
END UPDATE

Start:
HDADTJ
Holotheater
Med. Chamber
Visage
Prep. Defenses
IAO
Mob. Points
Oppressive Enforcement

CARDS I WANT TO ADD:
Secret Plans + Shocking Revelation
Power Of The Hutt + Ephant Mon
Dr. E
No Escape
Twi-Lek
Put All Sections On Alert
Hell To Pay (at least one)
Force Lightning
Bossk In Bus

Jeremy’s spoken. That’s the real deal, lads. This deck is undefeated in testing, and there just isn’t much that will beat it if you know what you are doing. It seems pretty standard at first glance, but there is a sweet 3-card combo that makes dueling insanely easy to pull off and win. Here it is: first thing your turn, play Masterful Move and pull Visage if you have an Operational As Planned in hand. Then play Op. As Planned and put the Visage back. After you use Force for any reason throughout your turn, you have stacked a 7, 5, 6 in the bottom four cards of your deck. Activate all but four, and BAM. Not only does this work for dueling, but for battling as well. I’ll swing at Obi, hit. Destiny is a six, you lose everyone. All you need is Vader.
This is a tracking man’s deck, obviously. Use raw power and mega destiny to wipe the floor with any opposing ground deck.
I start Oppressive because SAC is meta and it makes Dreadnaughts destiny 4.
I posted this really to get some ideas as to how I can add in Secret Plans and a Shock. I am seeing more and more retrieval, and I really like the infinite tracking mechanism with Shock. Plus, I could always run into an Oola deck. Give me some suggestions.
Why no No Escape? Because I haven’t seen Honor in a long time and I can circumvent easily enough if it comes down early.
Docking bay selection gives me immunity to Lost In The Wilderness and Projection Of A Skywalker. Thank you, Brian Hunter. The Executor DB allows me to stop chumps trying to drain me on the Executor.

MATCHUPS:

Vs. HB Mains/Throne Room
This game will rock. This game should be won every time if you don’t do something stupid. Don’t be afraid of anything, fight like a champ. Track, duel, and win.

Vs. Agents
Speeder variants might be a little rough, but fight the war of attrition. Pick your battles wisely and don’t get caught with your pants down. Go after their characters and try to get Search And Destroy working. That combined with Visage and you should win. Versus Chadra-Fans and what not, again be cautious of beatdowns, but take full advantage of all your methods of character removal (i.e., Trample, Choke, weapons). This should be won.

Vs. EBO
Against this, pull the Executor instead of Rendili. Drop some scrubs on it and let it sit at Hoth or Kiffex or wherever they stack up. Ketwol EBO is one of the reasons I really want to add Secret Plans. It doesn’t shut the engine down, but it does hurt it. That extra Force adds up and often prevents them from doing things they want. Try to pull off S+D and you can outlast them. Go to space with Dreadnaughts and scrubs and last as long as you can. I have never lost to this.

That’s pretty much most of what you can expect to play against. Expect to win.

Any questions? D-Mail me.

Darwin bless. Hoostino out.	 