---
layout: archive
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! "Speeder Beatdown v2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-25
description: ! "I’m sorry if this is a double, but I didn’t see my original post on Decktech.  A speeder deck that delivers a game-ending beatdown."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 8
Agents In The Court/ No Love For The Empire
Jabbas Palace
Hutt Trade Route
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Wise Advice
Yarna dal Gargan

Locations 5
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Spaceport Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Cloud City Landing Platform 327 (Docking Bay)

Characters 17
Lando w/ Vibro-Axe x2
ASP-707 x4
Droid Merchant x2
Wioslea x2
Incom Engineer x2
Commander Wedge Antilles
Luke Skywalker
Zev Senesca
Jeroen Webb
Tycho Celchu

Vehicles 14
Rebel Snowspeeder x11
Sandspeeder x4

Interrupts 8
Spaceport Speeders x3
Noble Sacrifice
The Signal x2
Desperate Tactics x2

Effects 7
Maneuvering Flaps x2
Incom Corporation x2
Crash Site Memorial
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us x2

Weapons 2
 Dual Laser Cannon x2 '

Strategy: '

Update  I forgot a Traffic Control.	Take out a sandspeeder.

Well, after my first speeder deck did so well for a while, I decided to make some others.  They, however, did not do so well.  This is my revised speeder deck, and it uses JPSD cards to get an advantage over your opponent.	Wioslea will be your Rep, and him and the Droid Merchants are there for Spaceport Speeders, which will give me killer activation for my beatdowns.  Not that I need to activate that much...
I chose docking bays because I can pull them and I can move more easily.  The Wedge, Luke and Zev are for retrieval with Noble Sacrifice.  Tycho and Jeroen can retrieve as well, but their main purpose is to invade twix sites to deliver a painful game-ending beatdown.  The ASP droids lower most of the speeders costs to an incredible 0, one of the reason I chose Rebel Snowspeeders over Snowspeeders.  Another reason is because of the higher destiny.  They have one less power than the Sandspeeders, but it doesnt matter once theyre power 5 for deploy 0 with Maneuvering Flaps and Incom Corporation with an ASP droid.  The Engineers are there to boost destiny and give immunity.	Dual Laser Cannons are mostly there to be used in conjunction with Desperate Tactics, giving you another battle destiny.  Use the grabbers to grab Sense and Alter, they can get annoying after a while.  Crash Site Memorial is just awesome, if they survive your one-turn beatdown, you can put your speeders in there instead of the lost pile.  On the the Deck to Deck strategies

vs. BHBM  Give them Luke early,  try to find a lone guy and kick his butt.  Try not to lose battles.  They will be sensing/altering like mad, so grab them.  If they deploy the Emperor alone to an exterior site, kick his butt and hopefully hell be there next turn for more beats.

vs. Hunt Down	Kill Vader, sen0003spy to cancel Visage.  Try to get a lone beatdown.  Dont battle at sites where he has a buttload of forfiet.

vs. Scum  Should be an easy game.  Their weapons usually cant shoot vehicles and you dont need to worry about creatures, either.  Their low forfiets are just icing on the cake.  Destroy them.

vs. SYCFA A harder game, since they take no damage on the Death Star.	Try to lure their guys off the space station, then beat down.  If theyre going for space, dont worry about them and try to drain them out.

vs. TIEs They wont retrieve too much since their TIEs wont be dying and coming back.  Just drain on the ground and try to ignore them.  If they come after you, kick their butts.

vs. Endor Ops	This deck has a suprising amount of trouble against Endor Operations decks.  The space drains get to you, Perimeter Patrol sucks, and a Speeder trooper, Sgt. Elesk (sp?), can be forfieted to cover all damage then retrieved into hand with Cardia.  This is extremely annoying.  Invade their DB through Home One if they have Perimeter Patrol out.  Watch out, be on your feet.  This is the hardest matchup for this deck, period.

vs. RalOps  Its dead, but just in case... only your Engineer is vital to your beatdown and has his deploy boosted.  Everything else is the same.  Shouldnt be too hard.

Well, thats it.  Tell me what to take out and what to put in.  Happy reviewing,
----3a0on

BEHOLD THE POWER OF CHEESE '