---
layout: archive
author: ! Peter "martian" Hall
title: ! "Wraaaaaarw (Wookies on Tatooine)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-31
description: ! "Wookies bring their primitive lifestyle and lots of tech to Jabba’s Palace."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)
Agents in the Court
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route (Desert)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Yarna d’al’ Gargan
HDTMF
Uh-Oh
Wise Advice
Do, or Do Not

Sites(5)
Jabba’s Palace Antechamber
Jabba’s Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Characters (20)
Arleil Schous
B’omarr Monk  x2
Baragwin  x2
Ben Kenobi  x2
Bron Burs
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Master Luke
Tawass Khaa
Tessek
Wookiee  x6

Interrupts (13)
Effective Repairs
It’s A Trap  x2
Ke Chu Ke Kukuta?  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
The Signal  x2
Wookiee Strangle  x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now  x3

Effects (8)
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Disarmed  x2
Goo Nee Tay
Mechanical Failure
Superficial Damage
Underworld Contacts

Weapons n’ Devices (6)
Disruptor Pistol  x2
Vibro-Ax  x2
Tatooine Utility Belt  x2
'

Strategy: '

Not an overly serious deck, just something to try for fun if you’re tired of Chadra-Fans.

Wookies are tough to play swarm-style because of the high deploy and low ability. So, I elected to throw in various high-ability characters to take care of drawing battle destiny, and use the wookies for Strangling and Vibro-Axing.

The bulk of the cards in the deck should be self-explanitory, so I’ll limit my explanation to those cards that are not always found, or do not always work in other Agents decks.

B’omarr Monks - With two 2/1 JP sites, these guys are a must. Strangley absent in many of the Agents decks I see, probably on account of the rise of the docking bay.

Baragwins - Chamber provides a safe place to stick these guys. Six weapons and devices in the deck, so they earn their keep.

Bron/Tawass - Extra ability that can be fetched with YWTMTJN.

The Rebs - Great vs. Scum decks, where Uh-Oh doesn’t help anyway. And they are helpful at non-JP sites vs. other decks. Luke is of course there for the ever-present BHBM. Switch him for Jedi or EPP Luke if you like.

Ke Chu Ke Kukuta? - You can actually set up a sizeable drain (with Tessek and Monks) using JP sites exclusively. Uh-Oh + a well-timed KCKK? can even the playing field vs. nasty Imps like Vader and Mara.

Wookie Strangle - Very nifty. Wookies start at power four, and that can theoretically be upped to ten with this deck. Can take out anybody with the right draw, but best used on low-power/ability losers like Evezan, Myo, etc. Nice for UC spies, too.

Disarmed - Great for getting rid of nasty weapons that do bad things to the low-ability wookies. Also good for making sure that *your* characters don’t get Disarmed during *your* control phase.

Mechanical Failure - If you can’t Ax ’em or Strangle ’em, Mech Failure ’em.

Underworld Contacts - Especially easy to pull off with this deck it has nine different kinds of aliens.

Vibro-Axes/Disruptor Pistols - Four weapons that can remove guys from a battle. Fairly good destiny in this deck, so the Disruptors should be effective. The wookies are capable of excluding most anybody with a good draw. Both work with Inconsequential Losses and the Baragwins.

Utility Belts - The power +2 makes Strangling and Axing even easier. Also works retrievable with the Baragwins.


Hope you have fun with it...
'