---
layout: archive
author: ! brian "darkjedi2000" catalino
title: ! "Ominous Endor v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-24
description: ! "Ominous Rumors and Bounty Hunter Ships"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(3)
Combat Readiness
Endor
EndorForest Clearing

Locations(6)
EndorDark Forest
Kashyyyk
Coruscant
ExecuterHolo Theater
Death Star
HothWampa Cave


Characters(14)
Vader w/stick
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
General Veers
Commander Igar
Ephant Mon
Lt Watts
Major Marquand
Lt Arnet
Navy Trooper Fenson
DS-61-2
AT-ST Pilot x3

Vehicles(6)
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Blizzard 1
Tempest 1
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships(9)
IG-88 in IG-2000
BFiS1
ZiMH x2
BiHT x2
Dreadnaught x3

Weapons(1)
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Effects(13)
Resistance
CHYBC
PoTF
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Inperial Arrest Order
Crush the Rebellion
Ominous Rumors
There'll be Hell to Pay x2
Lateral Damage

Interrupts(8)
Trample x2
Tarkin's Orders
Twilek Advisor x3
Evader
Boring Conversation Anyway
'

Strategy: '

Ok, I've done some tweaking on my deck since you guys reviewed it last time and want some more input.

First thing I tried it with the objective for a couple of weeks like suggested and I don't need it. It actually did worse.

Start Careful Planning for Endor and Dark Forest.
Twilek for Ominous ASAP(shouldn't be too hard with 3 of them in there). Get the Effects out in a certain Order depending on what your are playing, I usually get Oppressive Enforcement out quick then Reactor Terminal so I can find the sites I need to get a couple of real good drains going.
You shouldn't have a problem with Ominous getting cancelled with there only being 2 endor sites. If light comes down one...It'll be to hard to control 3 with all the walkers down there.
Standard explanations
Crush and Evader for choke
Security Precautions for HB
Battle Order works great in this deck
Resitance for numbers
Ephont Mon works great against spies trying to block your drains
Fenson for LS retieval tricks (wanted to try and fit Bad Feeling Have I in the deck to make it pretty expensive for LS mains to get to Endor but couldn't find the room)
Lateral Damge for Super Falcon.
Please rip it up and help it out as I have been working hard at Tourneys to get my rating up after it fell hard when I came into the game ignorant of everything six months ago.
Thanks '