---
layout: archive
author: ! Peter "Han Solo." Tenneson
title: ! "Jedi training taken seriously"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-17
description: ! "A MWYHL deck with training through to test 6."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'starting(5)
MWYHL/Save you it can
Dagobah
Heading for the frigate
Wise Advice
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Locations(9)
Dagobah
DagobahJungle
DagobahSwamp
DagobahYoda’s Hut
DagobahTraining Area
Home OneDocking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Cloud CityPlatform 327
Coruscant

Characters(12)
DOS
Yoda
Jedi Luke
Genral Solo
Chewie of Kashyyyk
Obi-Wan Kenobi
General Calrissian
Nien Nunb
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian
Admiral Ackbar
Lt. Blount

Jedi Tests(6)
Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain of Evil
Size Matters Not
It is the Future you See
You Must Confront Vader

Devices(1)
Electrobinoculars

Effects(8)
Yoda’s Hope
The Way of Things
Close Air Support
Crash Site Memorial
Bacta Tank
Yarna D’al Gargan
At Peace
Squadron @#$%ignments

Interrupts(2)
Rebel Leadership
Alter

Vehicles(4)
Snowspeeder

Weapons(4)
Obi’s Stick
Luke’s Stick
Ani’s Stick
Heavy Turbolaser

Starships(9)
Home One
Independence
Liberty
Defiance
R2 in Red 5
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Tala 2


'

Strategy: '

This deck is slow, but effective.	The main problem with this deck is that it’s slow, but there are ways around that.  You can get about 11 force on the third turn if everything is played right.  To make this deck effective start training Leia on the third turn and you should finish training her by about the 12th turn.  Tell Leia The Way of Things to have her immediately complete test 3 amd then leave her At Peace for her to complete the 4th test and then pull the Electrobinocs via test 4 and setup R2 in Red 5 for test 5.  Flip your objective and have Leia complete test 6.  Off of Dagobah use SA and Insurrection to generate some extra force and get your mains out.  In the air get some ships out and drain at Coruscant.  Always leave Yoda at his Hut.

Normally I would do match-ups but it’s all the same here, train Leia, get your mains on the ground, drain at Coruscant and keep the Jedi armed.   '