---
layout: archive
author: ! M "ISBOPS" C
title: ! "Endor Ops v 2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-11
description: ! "This deck uses the draining ability of Ominoud Rumors and the brute power of Star Destroyers. (and tried not to suck, too much)"
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)

     Endor (it’s a given)
     Fondor
     Rendili
     Mon Calamari
     Endor Back Door
     Yavin 4 Docking Bay
     Death Star II Docking Bay
     EndorBack Door
     Endor Landing Platform

Characters (17)

     Commander Merrejk x2
     Jodo Kast
     Admiral Chiraneau
     Captain Godhert
     Baron Soontir Fel
     EJP Dengar
     Major Marquand
     Admiral Ozzel
     Biker Scout Trooper x2
     EPP Darth
     Bane Malar
     Ds-61-3
     Janus Greejatus
     Commander Igar
     Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith

Vehicles (8)

    Tempest Scout 3
    Tempest Scout
    Blizzard Scout 1
    Tempest Scout x2
    Tempest 1
    Blizzard 1
    Blizzard 2

Ships (13)

    Imperial Class Star Destroyer
    Victory Class Star Destroyer x4
    Accuser
    Dominator
    Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
    Tyrant
    Thunderflare
    Flagship Executor
    Vengeance
    Judicator

Effects (8)

    Perimeter Patrol
    Presence of the Force
    Ominous Rumors
    Something Special Planned for Them
    Oppresive Enforcement (starting)
    Lateral Damage
    Mobilization Points (starting)
    You Cannot Hide Forever (starting)

Interrupts (3)

    Prepared Defenses (starting)
    Monnok
    Point Man
Objective (1)

  Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost


'

Strategy: '

Card by Card

  EndorLanding Platform you start out with it because of the objective.  Put someone like a biker scout trooper or a Tempest Scout to get +1 or +2 generation because of Mobilization Points

  Endor Bunker  Again, start out with it.  Put Janus Greejauts there with R2Q2, so if you have to, play Perimeter Patrol.

  Endor  Star out with it.  Too bad you can’t drain the plus two here.  If they are playing a lot of people on Endor, put a couple of ships here because your power plus one for each ship

  You Cannot Hide Forever  Again, if they are playing to Endor, lose this to take Perimeter Patrol

  Mobiliation Points This is a must in this deck because of the text that says your generation is plus 1 if you occupy, plus 2if you control.	I say this is a must because of the high deploy cost of the SD’s. Also, take Rendili into your hand(first turn) with this, or if you already have it, the Executor.

 Oppressive Enforcement  This make all cappy’s destiny plus one.	So, instead of this being a crappy destiny deck, it is only a bad destiniy deck.

 Prepared Defenses  I use this to get my three starting effects out.

 Fondor  Planet  The Executor is deploy minus five.  Excellent.

 Rendili  You can use three force to retrieve your Vics.

 Endor Back Door  Generation 2, and, if you want, can move between Janus’ cave and the outside world.

 Yavin 4 Docking Bay	I bet you said "What the crap?" when you saw this card.  But, massive generation is needed in this deck, so drop something like a Scout Trooper there.

 D2 Docking Bay See above

 Mon Calamari Occupy this with a Star Destoyer, their Star Cruisers are deploy plus 2 and can’t deploy to here.

 R2Q2	Put this little guy at a scomp link and you can look at the top three cards of your Reserve Deck.  Then, if Janus is out and you like the top card, you can draw it using Janus’ text.

 Captain Godhert  A good pilot for your SD’s.  Add’s three to power.

 Admiral Chiraneau  An even better pilot. put him at a planet with Presence of the Force, you would have a drain of 5.  Add’s three to power.

 Jodo Kast a good person to help during an attack.  Put him in support of a vehicle and you get a destiny draw.  Also, can cancel a destiny if they draw more than 1

 Commander Merrejk  He’s a pilot who gives plus two to power.  Also, I use him to get out my Planets when at a scomp link.

 Baron Soontir Fel I know he’s used more in tie decks but I don’t have any tie’s in my deck, so I use him as a pilot. Put him aboard an SD, your power is plus three and you can forfeit Fel for a forfeit of five.

 Dengar with Carbine His weapon is killer because you can fire it twice.  Good with a vehicle or Jodo.

 Major Marquand  Put him in Blizzard 1 because it doesnt have a permy pilot.  Power plus three for the vehicle and forfeit three.

 Admiral Ozzel  Deploy zero, power plus two for the SD and forfeit zero.  Pretty cool.

 Biker Scout Trooper  Once again, I usually put the guys at the Bays to get the extra generation.

 Darth Vader with Stick  His stick will almost never miss.  He’s killer with Dengar.

 Bane Malar He can ’mindscan’ one of your opponents guy at same site that has an ability less than yours.  He’s good if you’re going to Hoth because of those pesky ability two Zev and Hobbie.

 Ds-61-3  Once, again, another TIE pilot turned SD pilot.  He gives the SD power plus three and a forfeit three.

 Janus Greejatus You can use 1 force to put a card at the bottom of the used pile and draw the top card of Reserve deck.  Very good if you saw the top card with R2Q2.

 Commander Igar  Very good on Tempest 1 because he adds one destiny. Power plus three for the Vehicle he his driving.

  Darth Vader Dark Lord  Power 6 Ability 6, what more can you want?  Also, it’s fun choking people.

 Lateral Damage  This is good if you are planning a beatdown or you don’t have much power at the site because there power and forfeit = 0.  If you are on Endor and you target there Capital, put this on Rendili because it will take them a couple of turns to cancel it.

 Point Man  It cancels Order to Engage (very annoying)  and a whole bunch of other stuff

 Monnok  Very good if you are playing against EBO.

 Perimeter Patrol  This is good if they are deploying to Endor because they have to lose 1 force each time they deploy someone.

 Presence of the Force  Add’s one force icon for each side.  Very good for draining.

  Ominous Rumors  The whole point of this deck.  Drains are plus two at planets for every Endor site you occupy.

  Something Special Planned for Them  Whenever they want to flee in horror of your Ships, they have to use to extra force. Also, if they used something like On the Edge to get retrievel, that card is outta play.

  Imperial Class Star Destroyer  Power 8, forfeit nine.  Prett cool.

 Victory Class Star Destroyer	I’m using 4 of these because that’s what I have.  Power six and forfeit five is good, so put them in support with a unique SD.

  Accuser  Good as a react because deploy minus 3

 Dominator  Power 6 isn’t overwhelming for a unique but the pemenant pilot of 2 is good.

  Bossk in Hound’s Tooth	This is awesome.  power 7, and adds one destiny.  Pretty cool.

  Flagship Executor  Power 12, ability three pilot.  I would rather play Executor because it has some immunity, but for now I’ll just have to put pilots on it and give backup so i can forfeit those.

  Tyrant  Just another SD

  Thunderflare  Power 9

  Vengeance  Power eight and Ability 2 pilot pretty good

  Judicator  I like the picture

  Tempest Scout 3 Good for land, can deploy as a react

  Tempets Scout  Good for land and can move as a react

  BLizzard Scout 1  If your’e going to Hoth alot, like I am because a couple of peole play EBO in my area, this is good.	Power 4 on Hoth

  BLizzard 2, 1, and Tempest 1  all good for land with the power of 6, and 7.

  So the point of this deck is drain and battle. I’m pretty tired of typing so bye












'