---
author: Ryan "CmdCorranH" Austin
title: Agents of DEATH
side: Light
date: 2000-12-30
description: Speeder/Sandwhir deck witha new and AWESOME twist. Thanks to my friends "Chris" (Thrawn) for the CZ-3 tech idea.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING: (8)
Agents in the Court (obj)
Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Audience Chamber
Yarna d&#8217;al&#8217; Gargan
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Uh-Oh
Wise Advice
Do, Or Do Not

Characters:  (15)

Tessek x2
CZ-3 x3
H&#8217;nemthe x3
Palace Raider x4
Rennek
Boushh
EPP Luke

Effects: (11)
Sandwhirl x5
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Traffic Control
Mechanical Failure x2
Underworld Contacts

Interrupts: (12)
It&#8217;s a Trap x3
You Will Take Me to Jabba Now x2
The Signal x2
Houjix
Control x2
T-47 Battle Formation x2

Vehicals: (10)
Sandspeeder x5
Snowspeeder x4
Rebel Snowspeeder

Locations: (4)
Tatooine Desert x3
<> Desert


Strategy: 

UPDATE:
Take OUT Underworld Contacts FOR TK-422
Take OUT H’nemthe FOR another Palace Raider
_________________________________
   I made this deck because I was SICK of losing to Court with my HB mains deck. But what I have now found out is that this deck is not only capable of beating Court, but of beating almost any deck.THERE IS A LOT OF TECH IN THIS DECK SO PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING. 

   Basicly what you do is set up Tessek & Rennek (If against Scum to stop Bubo) up at the AC with Bo Shuda out (pull with AC). Now you start with a desert and you have 4 others. Now use aliens piloting the speeders to drain for two at each desert site (3 if you play T-47 Battle Formation).
  Now the Big tech comes with CZ-3. With CZ-3 you may react to any battle or force drain at same or adjacent site by deploying cards at normal use of the force to the location. Now what you do is place CZ-3 in a speeder at one of your deserts (if you have 3 deserts out place him in the middle desert so his gametext applies to the other 2 deserts) so that if your opponent innitates a battle at either Cz-3*s site or one of the other two, you can react by deploying a sandwhirl.  When you do this all your opponent*s characters out of a vehicle are then missing and the battle stops. 


Now here are the answers to some of the problems I know you are thinking:

<< What if they play control on the sandwhirl?
Well you do have five, so the chance of you having another to play is very good. If not then cancel the battle with It*s a Trap or play Houjix (if you get crushed). I have 3 It*s a Trap and I always save 3 force for it (must save 4 if they are using first strike) so normally I have one.

<
This is what I have 2 Mechanical Failures for. Just deploy them as a react with CZ-3 and make the Walker power & forfeit 0. Now most Imperial decks play with Blizzard 2 & Tempest 1 which is only two walkers that can*t do much damage. If they do sneak one down and you don*t have a Mechanical Failure in your hand then either use It*s a trap or just forfeit your speeder and alien (With just one or two walkers down they won*t have too much power).

<< What if you play a deck with lots of walkers and scout walkers?
There are NO decks like this where I play, but if there are in your area then add Maneuvering Flaps and maybe Attack Pattern Delta. Combine these cards with Mechanical Failure and they are toast.

<
There aren*t many decks that use this card at the moment and my speeders/aliens are immune b/c of Yarna. I also normally only keep 2 Sanwhirls and 1 It*s a Trap in my hand at one time using Traffic Control, so they won*t get much.

<
Well normally any deck that uses this card is not a draining deck. So take a few extra turns (where you aren*t draining) to get totally set up and then just start draining. The cards in this deck deploy so cheap that you don*t need much force. Also this is not a beat down deck so all you have to leave force for is It*s a Trap. Otherwise you can just use your force to drain. Most of the time you will get force from your opponent as well. Really not a problem

<
Well I have start TINT and WA while playing with 2 Controls. Really no problem since I have mutiple copies of key cards. The Controls are also nice for canceling your own Sandwhirl so that you can be set to whip out another.

The meta decks of today are all battle decks not drain machines. So once you get set up (takes 2-3 turns normally) you can just drain away. Any smart player will see that all I play is deserts and not deploy there which leaves me with some big drains. One nice thing is I give away NO locations that are not deserts that they can drain on (AC has Bo Shuda). So they*ll have to get their own and start draining. But, as you will find, their drains are tiny compared to yours. If they are dumb and deploy just sandwhirl them and that*s gameover.

Since I took so long to explain the deck I will keep the strategy section short.

AGAINST SCUM: MKOS, Court, SYCFA, whatever; they are DEAD. These decks are total battle decks with no walkers and almost no drains. If they deploy to battle they are toast. If they try to drain at their 1-3 pitiful sites you*ll kill them. Really no way to lose to one of these.

AGAINST BHBM: Also really a piece of cake. Give them EPP Luke (have him instead of Jedi Luke b/c he is cheaper and your opponent won*t win any battles anyways. Just sit back and drain. Mechanical Failure the Walkers and Sandwhirl the guys (if they are stupid enough to deploy). Really easy.

AGAINST SPACE: Unless it*s Ties you will have an easy victory. Cancel a drain with Bargaining Table and drain for a ton on the ground. Against Ties it will be a little harder since they retrieve a lot. Basicly you need to spread out on every site you have and drain like heck. T-47 Battle Formation helps a lot as well as Tessek. Ties are the hardest deck to play but I am 1-0 against them so far.

AGAINST ANY OTHER GROUND DECK: These ground decks are easy. Drain away and use Boushh/B.Table to cancel drains. Then just drain away and nail them with your effects if they deploy.

Thanks for looking at my deck. If you have any questions please D-Mail me (CmdCorrenH)
