---
layout: archive
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Watch Out For The Trouser Snake"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-06
description: ! "Brute strength + sizable Force drains will lead you to victory (hopefully)"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 13
Coruscant
Dantooine
Endor
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Kuat
Executor Comm Station
Executor Docking Bay
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Main Corridor
Executor Meditation Chamber

CHARACTERS - 14
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Captain Godhert
Captain Sarkli
Commander Gherant
Commander Merrejk
Darth Vader
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
IG-88 With Riot Gun
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)

CREATURE - 1
Bubo

STARSHIPS - 16
Accuser
Avenger
Chimaera
Death Squadron Star Destroyer (x3)
Devastator
Flagship Executor
TIE Interceptor (x7)
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

OBJECTIVE - 1
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

ADMIRAL’S ORDERS - 2
We’re In Attack Position Now (x2)

EFFECTS - 7
Flagship Operations (x2)
Imperial Arrest Order
Kuat Drive Yards
Mobilization Points
Something Special Planned For Them
Visage Of The Emperor

INTERRUPTS - 6
Imperial Command (x3)
Prepared Defenses
Short-range Fighters
Twi’lek Advisor '

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi, Executor Meditation Chamber, Executor Holotheatre, Visage Of The Emperor, Prepared Defenses for Something Special Planned For Them, Imperial Arrest Order, and Mobilization Points

Strategy
This is a basic Flagship Ops deck.  Hope to get either Gherant or an Imperial Command in your hand early.  If you don’t get Gherant, use Imp. Command to pull Admiral Piett, and use his text to pull Gherant.
First turn, use IAO and get out the Executor DB.  Plant someone there, and hopefully you’ll get the above going soon.  Use Mob. Points to either pull Flagship Executor when you’re ready to run Ops, or to pull Kuat and set up KDY.
With KDY and We’re In Attack Position Now running, when piloted, most of your Destroyers will be immune to attrition < 6.  This will help you solidify your hold of space against LS assault.
Two problems with this deck are the low destiny average and low number of red cards.  I figured that with the many characters and ships in, you’ll win battles through sheer power and not have to rely on high destiny (although high destiny is always good [except for SAC]) nor on other red cards.
I run only 1 Vader in this deck because flipping is not essential.  Sure, you’ll take Visage damage, but the deck is engineered to work as fast as possible and do more damage to your opponent than you do to yourself.

Why This?
Kuat Drive Yards helps get out Star Destroyers quick and gives those w/o natural immunity an immunity to < 4.
Hunt Down gives me 2 Executor sites, and gives opponent the impression that Vader will be hitting the table a lot in the game.  This will put your opponent on edge through most of the game.
no Sienar Fleet Systems the 7 Interceptors are in only for the Flagship Ops bonuses, and are not a mainstay of the deck.  Sure, the format of the deck could be converted to mostly TIEs, but I prefer the raw power of the Destroyers.
no Dreadnaughts I don’t own a lot of them, plus their immunity to attrition would rely solely on my AO, which could be replaced inconveniently at any point in the game.

If I’ve made some critical error in this deck, D-mail me.	Otherwise, you should have a fun game with this. '