---
author: Alan "DrObiwannabe" Jern
title: Do You Smell What The Doc Is Cookin?
side: Dark
date: 2000-02-26
description: Lots of twix sites and powerful characters. They drop a guy, you pounce.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Death Star
Twilek
Security Precautions (See strategy for other possible starting effects)

Locations:
Executor: Med Chamber
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Hoth: Ice Plains
Dag: Cave
D*: War Room
Cor: Imp Square
Coruscant

Characters:
DVDLOTS
EPP Vader
GMT
EJP Dengar
Dr. Evazan
Adm. Ozzel
Niado Duegad
ECC Iggy
Boelo
Bane Malar
Jodo Kast
EPP Fett
J'Quille (works good with Undercover)
U-3PO (stop drains while you build up forces)
Mara Jade
Gen. Veers
Jabba The Hutt
ECC 4-LOM
Cmdr. Igar

Interrupts:
Twilek x2
Torture x2
Imp Barrier
Masterful Move
Omni Box (good for your own tracking and screws up opponents tracking)
Monnok
Sniper
You Are Beaten
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down

Effects:
Battle Order
Oppressive Enforcement
First Strike
CHYBC
Hell To Pay
AAA (Great to play after a beatdown or when you dominate table)
Reactor Terminal
Undercover
IAO (No escape for LS)
Secret Plans

Starships:
Devastator
Avenger
Executor
ZiMH
BiHT

Vehicles:
Tempest 1
Blizz 2

Weapons:
Maras Saber
Vaders Saber

Creatures:
Bubo 

Strategy: 

Other possible starting effects are Battle Order vs ops and CHYBC vs MWYHL (stops their retrieval until they leave Dagobah)

This deck plays pretty simple. It is a modified version of my previous I Like Monkeys deck, but after playtesting I decided that it would be much safer to ditch the Hunt Down (in case I play a pure space deck or a LS deck w/ no battlegrounds) for more raw power and destiny. I was able to improve the average destiny by about .4 ... I think the average destiny is now 2.8, which is pretty good.

Anyways, it plays like this: Start playing by drawing a lot. Deploy all the locations you get as early as you get them. Drawing gives you a chance to get a good idea as to what the opponent is doing so you can play accordingly. Use Twileks to pull the effects you think you need.

The best way to deal with the opponent is let them do whatever they want and then stop whatever they start. When they put out a guy or two, drop a smackdown. Then, just spread out and dominate their planet or wherever they are playing.

Three spies to get you pretty much anywhere.

Lots of great interrupts and effects.

High destinies that are easily recyclable for tracking.

Force choke.

This deck has got everything. Send me a message if you have any questions. All comments are encouraged.

Dr. Obiwannabe
'The Doc' 