---
author: Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: Martin/Maarten Raltiir ops
side: Dark
date: 2000-01-30
description: Post EJP raltiir deck used in worlds by us! Personal favourite.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)

Raltiir opperations/ in the hands of the empire

Locations (12)

forrest
raltiir
jungle
space port dockin bay
swamp
courscant
kashyyyk
meditation chamber
ice plains
Death Star
wampa cave
dagobah cave

Weapons (1)

vaders lightsaber

Characters (16)

Darth Vader, Dark lord of the sith
Darth Vader
Lieutennant commander Ardan
lieutennant cabbel
officer evax
admiral ozzel
DS-61-2
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Navy trooper vesden
lieutennant arnet
AT-ST pilot X4
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade

Vehicles (6)

tempest scout 1
tempest scout 2
tempest scout 3
tempest scout 5
tempest scout 6
blizzard scout 1

Starships (5)

devastator
bossk in hounds tooth
vaders personal shuttle
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Effects (7)

Bad feeling have I
Imperial arrest order
battle order
Crush the Rebellion
Oppressinve enforcement
security precautions
there be hell to pay X2

Interrupts (11)

Alter X3
Twi-Lek Advisor
Trample X2
Omni Box
Shocking Revelation
Imperial Barrier
Evader X2




Strategy: 

I posted this deck a few weeks ago, but now, when EJP is out, it needed an update. I added a few EJP cards, and changed some thanks to the advices i got from your reviews on the previous deck, thank you for reviewing it. I will also update the strategy part, describing how to beat certain decks, so please read through the strategy part before reviewing!

The advantage with this deck is that with your objective flipped, you have big battle advantages and the ability to search for any card during your control phase. This is a defensive deck, quite similar to LS 'no shelter' decks. Get big force activation, and then beat him where he is. The objective will help you succed with this.

The AT-ST's are great: the ability to react helps you too easy protect raltiir when flipped, your characters may hide from weapons and clashes inside, and the EPPs cant target them with their guns. You may search for AT-ST pilots before the objective is flipped, and those are great characters when driving. The objective makes rebels expensive to deploy to raltiir, combined with bad feeling have i, LS cant simply afford a heavy beatdown. When you flip the objective go out battling wherever you can. Landing down on dagobah should be done early if needed. the -1 drain makes draining on your 2/0 locations quite pointless, and even if they do, you should have no problems clearing them away if needed.

Opperatives.

Start Battle Order. Opperatives should be handeled by first flipping your objective quickly, then trying to flip his objective back asap. once you do, he stands no chance. Since you will not give away much force, opperatives will have a hard time go get around battle order. The AT-ST's are very useful reacting around on the opperative planet preventing drains and posible beatdown.

Raltiir opperatives

Start battle order. Some say this deck has a weekness to raltiir opperatives. I dont think so. He converts your raltiir and starts farm. you got a battleground system now, so try go get there early, try not to get any capital starship there to prevent landing claw. do not deploy any site to raltiir, just deploy your 2/0 locations. When LS deploys locations, convert them. LS will have very bad activation, you wont give him a single extra force. Get your AT-STs out. Draw untill you have lots of characters, then try to flipp your objective. LS will have to move away from you a lot, and if they want to drain, its 3 force. If there are 8 locations (maximum) on raliit, LS will be activating 10 force, and you will have converted 4 of his sites. A quite easy win if i may say so.

HOW TO BEAT CERTAIN DECKS

Hidden Base

Start Bad Feeling Have I. This will prevent a beatdown on raltiir, mains deploy +4. Now you will have no problems to flipp your objective. Get security precautions, and clear him from space with your superior destiny draws. drain him in space, and on raltiir. Battle order will hurt him too. Tramples will clear undercover spies. Hidden base shouldnt be a problem.

Any kind of tatooine start

Start oppressive enforcement. Play defensive, flip your objective, protect raltiir. Get imp. arrest order. Track something and get to his planet and beat him of with Vader and AT-STs. Grapple his Sense (if any) and then use your alters to cancel sense, and to alter all his stuff. You will also have a smaller drain on Raltiir each turn, unless he gets there.

YCEPBD/OBD

dont give him any alien. LS can eihter choose by freeing han right away to cause force loss or by waiting. If he frees Han right away, kill him by trample, IG-88, Choke Vader. This shouldnt be to hard. If he doesnt, play defensive, protect the flip and get the cards you will need when he flipps.

MWYHL/SYIC

Start Bad Feeling have I. This effect will most certainly stay on table for remainder of game. He cant afford beatdown, and it slows the deck down if he plays with Yoda (and training). Get to dagobah with mara jade or Vader, with your destiny bonus, he wont fight you and you can drain there. Drain slowly on Raltiir, and track your 0s and 1s to be able to alter any disturbing effects.

Celebration decks

flipp your objective, and then Battle him off his celebration planet. This shouldnt be a problem with Bossk adding destiny and you adding to destiny draw. Since you give force drain -1, you maybe not even need to clear his charactes at the sites.

Throne room start

start Crush the rebellion, then play the same way you play mains.

EXPLAINATIONS OF SOME CARDS:

Navy trooper Vesden - anti odds that cant get grappled, visored visioned and may even inflict some damage. He is a character, so he is not complete useless what deck i even play, and he helps flipping the objective. I have alters if they should play demotion on him. Also, one is enough for odds protection. If you see odds, then get your at-st pilots out, they are destiny 3. When you search your deck, you will see when he is in your force pile, and then just draw. When you flip you can also search for him ofcourse.

Vaders personal shuttle - This card is amazing. use togeather with Bossk in Tooth to draw 2 destinys, or with any other starship to provide ability and room for another pilot. Shuttle +pilot is 4 force to draw destiny. Moves for free. Also, if Vader is aboard i may even prevent a destiny draw. Cannot be targeted by landing claw.

Alter - I heard some complains about those. The alters are game winners for sure. Togeather with oppressive enforcement, the alters cancels sense, and with sense grapped i have control with the alters. Also, what LS deck doenst use effects? POAS, order to engage, Kessel run, Savrip, Our most desperate hour, Baccta tank, S-foils, maneuvering flaps... even against MWYHL you can still track your 0s and 1s (with the objective) to make them work.

WHY I DONT USE THOSE CARDS (ides from reviews):

Igar/Tempest 1 - I rather use chickenwalkers and AT-ST pilots. The are Faster, they can react and they have better destiny. Sure, they are a nasty combo, but the chickens are better in this deck.

Imperial Decree - Why do i need this one? With the -1 drains, i dont need it for that sake, and i have the evaders against revolutions. Its hard to control 2 planets, since landing claw is quite common. I will beat opperatives without this card

Landing claw protection - If landing claw shows up, then move the clawed ship to raltiir and keep the starfighters at the battleground you need to control. Against opperatives, dont deploy capitals at all (unless you really need them).

Resistance - Vesden is enough against odds, and no one will drain me for more than 2.. or 1!

POTF -	this deck doesnt need drain potential, drain on opponents sites instead, if you need to drain. The are also easily canceled by clashes or alter.

Sense - The idea is to grapple sense and cacel them with alter. I dont need sense to cancel alter, since there is only one alterable effect in - bad feeling have i. Not many scarry interrupts i need to get rid of either (i got the grapplers against those).



This deck is a monster, a machine. It may not look at it when you see the card list, but i see no real weaknesses. Me and Maarten did really good with it in our regionals, in worlds and after. Give it a try!!

/Martin Akesson
