---
layout: archive
author: ! Todd "ChessMaster" Vandewalker
title: ! "Bombtrack"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-02
description: ! "This deck uses classic ROPS with new DS2 stratgies for a serious deck that's tough to beat."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Ralltiir Operations

Characters (21)
Lord Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Emperor Palpatine x2
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
AT-ST Pilot x2
Captain Godhert
Colonel Davod Jon
Commander Igar
General Tagge
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Arnet
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Officer Evax
Sim Aloo

Vehicles (7)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (9)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Emperor's Personal Shuttle
Flagship Executer
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (5)
Alter x2
Imperial Command x2
Prepared Defenses

Effects (8)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Mobilization Points
Oppresive Enforcement
Overseeing It Personally
Secret Plans

Weapons (1)
Vader's Lightsaber

Locations (8)
Executer Docking Bay
Forst
Jungle
Kashyyyk
Ralltiir
Rendilli
Spaceport Docking Bay
Swamp






'

Strategy: '

Update
This deck definitely should have included a Mara's Saber. My apologies for forgetting about it. Take out Evax or an Alter for it.


This is a good deck that is capable of beating anything. I usually start Mobilization Points, Imperial Arrest Order and Oppresive Enforcement/Secret Plans/Battle Order depending on my opponent. You all know how to play this deck so I'm not gonna take the time to type it out, but basically flip ASAP and use your objective to get your stuff and beatdown and drain. Use the AT-ST's to react around Ralltiir and get the Emperor with Overseeing It Personally and start draining. Use Imperial Command as neccesary (remember you can pull it with the obj. This will shut down Super Falcon and let you add destinies.) This deck consistenly wins and has a chance of beating anything. Let me know of any comments/suggestions. Thanks for reviewing. '