---
layout: archive
author: ! David "Wedge659" Marincic
title: ! "This Is Some Rescue v2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-17
description: ! "Extremely quick RTP deck.	Has power, retrieval, and some really evil ASP tech."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself
Prisoner 2187
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Locations (2)
Home One Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay

Characters (19)
Prisoner 2187
8D8 x3
ASP-707 x2
Bothan Spy x2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Vehicles (4)
Lift Tube x4

Effects (10)
Bacta Tank
Death Star Plans x2
Draw Their Fire
Honor Of The Jedi
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us? x2

Interrupts (15)
Clash Of Sabers
I'm Here To Rescue You x2
Lift Tube Escape x2
On The Edge x2
Rebel Barrier
Sorry About The Mess x2
Surprise Assault x2
The Signal x2
Under Attack'

Strategy: '

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS
First of all, thanks for your comments to far, many have been very helpful.  OK, I don't start EBG because it's toast against SAC, and overall I found this way works better even though I can't guarantee a second turn freeing.  Wise Advice is SAC protection, but it's also there to keep the grabbers cheap.  This deck generates a fair amount of Force, but not a ton, and since it's a battling deck I need all the Force I can get...not having to leave extra for grabbers is huge.  I don't have any space because I've rarely needed it.  It would be helpful to throw in a few ships, but I couldn't find the space and it hasn't hurt me in the past (few people know what to expect when playing against RTP, this works in your favor since they don't know if you run ships or not either )  Hope that answers some of your questions...you may not agree, but there's nothing that says you can't change whatever you want if you build a deck like this
BACK TO THE STRATEGY...

PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING

This is the second version of a deck I posted here about a week ago, and it's actually closer to the deck I originally used before changing to the EBG start and balancing it out.  Basically you need to get a Lift Tube or two to the D*DB on asap, with an ASP droid if possible.  This will let you get your spy or 8D8 to the Detention Block Corridor first turn so you can try to free Leia on the second turn.  DO NOT free her first turn  The temptation is great, but the last thing you need is for Leia to get beat down right away.  Besides, you can free before your control phase for a huge drain of 4 if you're successful, plus a retrieval of 1-4 Force...in other words, freeing Leia can be up to an 8 Force swing in your favor extremely early in the game.  The Lift Tube and transit will get you as far as the Y4DB, you'll need to drop some backup there so she doesn't die before the next turn when you can move over and flip.

The ASP/Lift Tube/Lift Tube Escape combo is just evil.	The ASP droids pop Lift Tubes back to your Reserve Deck while the Escapes keep the Tubes coming out and the cycle going.  There's all sorts of things a 6 helps with; On The Edge, D* Plans, Sorry About The Mess, Under Attack, freeing Leia, or just pumping up weapon/battle destinies through the roof.  Even without the ASP tech working, the destinies in the deck are incredibly good.  Not counting the starting cards, there are six 4's, nine 5's, and nine 6's.  Insurrection will pull out your only 0's, and with that and Staging Areas you'll be generating quite a lot of Force.  Just controlling the Yavin and Death Star bays, you'll be generating 11 Force...assuming you get nothing from the Dark Side.

The characters are all very useful.  The EPPs and Sorry About The Mess/Under Attack/Clash Of Sabers go together very well, especially with the high destinies/ASP tech this deck packs.  Bothan Spies and 8D8 save Leia for you.  And Wedge, Tawss, and Orri are in there cause they're that damn good.  Bacta Tank keeps your characters alive, and if you lose Leia and don't have the second copy in your hand, you can pop her out of the tank for free and move her into the War Room to reflip.  Draw Their Fire can prevent Ghhhks and destiny adders, plus it give you a 2 Force swing every time you initiate.  Combined with Orri, the difference jumps to 4.  Honor Of The Jedi is great against Visage and Occupations, but since Your Insight Serves You Well isn't in the deck you'll need to get Honor the old fashioned way (well, not quite the old fashioned way, but the JP way - The Signal).  Projection is awesome against small draining decks like ROps, the grabbers keep you dry against SAC and annoying recyclers, and Traffic Control is a must since you may need to draw a fair amount to get what you need.  The Barrier is a life saver if a beatdown comes after you, and can win you a game when you counter attack the Barriered character the next turn.  As Red 32 pointed out, Surprise Assault is great in RTP, so there's two in there (I totally agree, I'd taken them out in favor of ships).

OK, the deck is pretty easy to play since it's basically old school beatdown with just a few twists once you actually flip.  It's just incredible against decks that rely on a few powerful characters to win (Hunt Down, BHBM).  The loss of immunity, high destinies, and +2 attrition will tear through Vader & Co. incredibly quickly.  ROps is a tough matchup, but unless your opponent runs Decree you should be in decent shape between the +1 Force for all drains and the Projections, but you need to play smart.	I'll be the first to admit that RTP is not as strong a deck as many other LS strategies, but in the hands of a good player it's deadly...most people have little to no experience playing against a good RTP deck, so they have NO idea what to expect.  I've beaten far superior decks played by good players simply because they don't know how to play against me and I know how to play against them.  The element of surprise WILL win games, and this deck is something that I've not seen anyone else playing.  The retrieval and fighting ability provided in this deck is capable of defeating most any deck if you play well, and I just can't talk about the ASP/Lift Tube tech enough...it's just amazing.  Give the deck a try...I'm not gonna claim that it will win worlds or anything, but it's loads of fun to play and it will win. '