---
layout: archive
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "Red-card profit "
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-21
description: ! "I've been playing profit since it came out. This is the perfected (in my opinion) version of the deck I've been working on for months."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations 6
Jabba's Palace
JP AC
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Dagobah Yoda's Hut (foil)
Rendevous Point (foil)

Characters 15
Master Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x2 (foils)
EPP Obi-Wan
Han Solo (foil)
TK-422 (foil)
EPP Han
EPP Leia
Boussh
Artoo (foil)
Orrimaarko
Tawass Khaa
ECC Chewie

Starhips 5
Tantive IV
Spiral
Lando in Falcon
RLiR1
Redemption

Interrupts 20
The Signal x2
Gift Of The Mentor
Clash of Sabers x2
Tunnel Vision
Don't Tread On Me
Nabrun Leids x2
Jedi Presence
Glancing Blow
Transmission Terminated
Narrow Escape x2
Skywalkers
Someone Who Loves You
Sorry About The Mess
Courage of a Skywalker
Shocking Information
Weapon Levatation

Effects 11
Uncontrollable Fury
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
A Gift
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage
What're You Trying To Push On Us
Ultimatum
Do, Or Do Not
Scrabled Transmission
Disarmed

Weapons 2
Anakin's Saber
Obi's Saber

Objective 1
YCEPBT/OBD

'

Strategy: '


Please read the strategy before you review, chances are I addressed what you would tell me. And I don't want anyone to tell me to play 3 Ben Kenobis. The EPP is VERY, very useful to me.

This deck hasn't lost a game yet, and I'll do my best to explain it.

Alright, the Don't Tread On Me start adds a LOT of versatility to this deck. I start it against everything except Hunt Down, where I start Goo Nee Tay, because I don't expect Odds, Manipulation or SAC.

I usually start Han Solo as a captive, so I can retrieve more, except against Rops, then I go for EPP and a really quick flip.

 If you don't get some of your important cards in your first hand (Master Luke, Obi, etc), use Scrambled Transmission to search your reserve deck and see where your important cards are.

It's not hard to free Han. I can win almost all fights, and if not, I'll set up Someone who Loves You. Once you do free Han, his ONLY job is to stay alive.

I start Do or Do Not, so SAC doesn't hurt too much.

The average destiny in this deck is really, really high, so go ahead, swing for Mara and Vader.

Let me tell you why I play some of the cards I do
Narrow Escape- to protect Han, and just run from battles you don't want to fight.

Disarmed- Very good card. I use it mainly to get rid of Iggy's capture gun, as it can hurt if he gets Han.

A gift- A killer card. Hurts Ops, Scum, Court and more, plus it makes Artoo an Undercover Spy, and Artoo can search for it from reserve deck.

Space- A lot of Profit decks have really weak space (i.e. 2 starfighters and a claw). Too many things cancel the claw for me to be safe, so I use a decent space fleet. If they're mainly in space, I use EPP Leia and a Batca Tank with the redemption.

Weapon Levatation- Great Card. Most people, if they start any aliens, will start Mara. And this card is awesome to steal that little girl's saber. Also useful for cancelling You Are Beaten, and grabbing that Saber you just drew for destiny from your used pile.

1 Transmission Terminated- This deck is very strong against HDADTJ, especially dueling. I can virtually always keep them losing from Visage as much as I do, so it's not too bad. I have one in just in case. If you have to, use Boussh to cancel Visage.

How I play vs. dominant DS decks

Hunt Down Start Goo, and play smart. Flip as soon as you can. Don't get forced into a duel too early before you have your protection. Try not to fight Daddio too much, as he can be trouble. Use TK, Boussh and Artoo to block his drains, Narrow Escape to run if you don't want to fight, and force drains and direct damage to finish them off.

Ops I haven't seen many DS Ops recently, but if I do I'll get A Gift out as soon as I can, and use Nabrun to move my characters around. The Direct Damage and A gift will give you the game.

Raltiir Ops Start DTOM and, as mentioned earlier, EPP Han and flip as soon as you can. Tough game, but you should be able to fight pretty well. Mantellian Savrip will help immensely. It's your call whether to stay on Tatooine or go to Raltiir.... If you stay on Tatooine, get the Cantina shuffle going. Add a Mechanical Failure if you're having trouble vs. Rops.

Endor Ops Ultimatum helps a lot with Rumors. Nabrun to Endor and beat them up.

Odds Simple, just occupy 3 battlegrounds All of the sudden, you only lose 2 force from each insert.

ISB Fight and direct damage, simple enough.

COTVG There are many different types of Court, but you should be able to out-battle them. Don't let Obi or Luke get captured. You should be able to prevent it.

Well, that's pretty much it If you have any questions, you can message me. Thanks in advance for your reviews-

Solo337
'