---
layout: archive
author: ! Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: ! "Court Jester"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-07
description: ! "This deck came to me in a vision. I'm looking for feedback as to whether it can be tournament viable."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Coruscant
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star
Executor Docking Bay
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Characters (19)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  x2
Bane Malar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Dengar with Blaster Carbine  x2
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Jabba  x2
Jodo Kast
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Ree-Yees

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I  x2
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter	x2

Interrupts (11)
Elis Helrot  x2
Hutt Smooch  x2
Imperial Barrier  x2
Jabba's Through With You  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (9)
Battle Order
Crossfire
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (5)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Mos Eisley Blaster  x3
Vader's Lightsaber

Objective (1)
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die  '

Strategy: '

First of all, to the person who simply put "Not Bad" in your review - You're an ass. I'm specifically trying to get feedback on how to make this kind of deck better, and all you say is not bad so you can get the three points. You're a lazy jackass.

I'm not going to go into a lot of detail with this deck. If you want strategy, I have a similar version posted up in the deck Crossfire In The Court. There are many changes, but if you want to learn how to play this kind of deck then read the descriptions there. One of the big changes is that you ALWAYS start with Crossfire.

The big thing I want your opinions on is the weapons I'm using. Here are my problems. I was originally using 9 Crossfire-able weapons in this deck (2 Iggy, 2 LOM, 2 Dengar, 2 Bossk, and 1 Fett's Blaster). Then you all told me to take out the Bossks in favor of the Bus. That took me down to 7. Then my TD told me that the ECC 4-LOM's weapon doesn't actually fire, it just targets (I'm not so sure if this is correct, so I'd like others to tell me, thanks). Now I'm down to 5. Five cards doesn't seem like a lot, especially when it's suppose to make up an entire strategy. So I decided to take out Fett's Blaster (too expensive) and add in 3 other blasters.

But which blasters to add? They're all pretty crappy. The 3 that I narrowed down my selection to were Imperial Blaster, Blaster Rifle, Mos Eisely Blaster. Here's their stats by card.

Imperial Blaster - Deploy 1 - Target 1 - Destiny 3 - Hits targets
Blaster Rifle - Deploy 2 - Target 2 - Destiny 3 - Hits targets (+1 to destiny)
Mos Eisely Blaster - Deploy 1 (alien only, free on Tatooine) - Target 0 - Destiny 5 - Target forfiet -2 (+2 to destiny)

The biggest problem with the deck as a whole was destiny. Mos Eisely Blaster's 5 in destiny is very appealing. Also, having to save up force to fire a weapon is the biggest pain in the @$$, so that was another plus for the MEB. But then there's the fact that the MEB doesn't hit it's targets, it just makes them forfeit -2. I debated with this point for a long time, and then concluded that the MEB would be the best choice. Now I have 7 Crossfire-able weapons again, with a higher destiny average then ever.

In the hands of a Bounty Hunter these weapons are even better, since you can add a destiny w/ Jabba's Through With You (you can even deploy a MEB straight from reserve with JTWY).

The only other thing I'd like to talk about is location selection. I had a hard time deciding whether to go for generation or for draining. Down here, a LS choke deck is very common, so I went for generation. There is only 1 site that I can drain for 2 at w/o the use of a saber, and if I got into a drain war it might be close. But keep in mind that my opponent has to lose 1 per turn from my objective if he's not on Tatooine (and if he was on Tatooine, I guarantee you it wouldn't be a drain war). Also, if the deck I'm play against is a space drain deck, Search And Destroy (which I always deploy vs. dedicated Hidden Base) will make them lose 1 on EACH turn. Just some things to think about. If you can suggest any ways that I might be able to keep high generation + have some draining sites I'd really appriciate that.

Once again, this is NOT a tournament tested deck. This is just an idea, so don't judge it like it's a world-class deck design. I would like your comments and suggestions on how to make this deck better. Thanks	 '