---
layout: archive
author: ! Jason "jade" Foss
title: ! "scum of the universe please review"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-25
description: ! "Get scum and villany working battle use projective telepathy to cancel the battle retrieve force with scume and villany."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Court of the Vile Gangster
Jabbas Palace Audiance Chamber
Entrance Cavern
Dungeon
Prepared Defences
Power of the Hutt
No Bargin
Mobilization points

Locations
Death star 2 Docking bay
Tatooine Docking bay
Carida
Jabbas palace
Cantina

Starships
Jabbas Palace space Cruiser
IG-88 in IG 2000
Dengar in Punishing one
Boba Fett in ship
bossk in ship
zuckuss in ship

Characters
Jabba the Hutt
Jabba
Mara jade[2]
Dengar with gun
IG-88 with gun[2]
Bossk with gun
boba with gun
4 lom with gun[2]
DR. Evazan
Ephant Mon
Joda Cast
Boelo
Chall Beaken
Bib Fortuna
cloud city ennginer
Outer rim scout [2]

Effects
Scum and Villany[2]
Oppresive enforcment
Quick Reflexes
First Strike
Come Here you big Coward
Security precations
Secret plans

Interupts
Hidden whepons[2]
None Shall Pass[2]
Imperial Barrier
Projective Telepathy[3]
Sniper[2]
elis helrot
Disarmed[2]
control
Whepons
Maras saber



'

Strategy: '

I just made this deck and it looks solid.First turn deploy carida and a docking bay from reserve deck then deploy jabba from reserv using the audience chambers text then deploy Bib fortuna with power of the hutt.Then proceede to pull all the docking bays with the objective and deploy ephant mon and boelo with power of the hutt this will make it so you don’t lose to your own objective for not being on tatooine. Get scum and villany set up let your opponet deploy stuff on tatooine then you can use this to your advantage as you have many things you can do such as strait up battling wich is nice cause you get to retreive 2 force and you will probaly win the battle or you would’nt of initiated it.Say your oppent has a huge force of people ready to march in to jabbas palace all you have in your hand is a Ig-88 with gun you can drop him down against your opponets luke obie han leia battle retreive 3 make your opponet lose 1 [with first strike out]
use projective telepathy to cancel the battle[decline to use 2 force cancel battle]. You can also play around with your opponet by using stuff like disarmed , sniper , and  hidden whepons.

Bib Fortuna= Han and other low ability people cant move away from his site plus he can deploy with power of the hutt.

Quick Reflexes= Lets retreive a hidden whepons that i have lost plus it goes to my hand so i can play it wright then if you want to.

Control= Provides me with some sac protection plus it can cancel high drains for me.

Secret Plans= Helps me against profit and training

Jabbas space cruiser= good ship that can be pulled with either power of the hutt or the objective.You can man it with the outer rim scouts.


Matchups

Against EBO= Set your stuff up on tatooine go to space to cancel drains and do the battle and retrieve thing with projective telepathy just dont forget to make them lose to the objective and you should win.just dont make dumb mistakes like forgetting to move your ships away after you battle and then cancel it.

Against profit=Load up	and all sites around the audience chamber let them free han then move everybody in for the kill make good use of all the interupts and you should win.Dont forget that you can raise your audiance chamber to the top with the engineer.

Against eloms
This is a joke power 1 ability 2 eloms kick the furry things ass.just be carful about where you put mara cause if you leave her alone she will get smacked.

Against Hidden Base
Get security precations out fast start battling in space not taking battle damage and retreiving while draining on the ground and making the opponet lose force for the objective you will win.

Against TIGIH
as soon as possible kill luke and just destroy anybody he puts on tatooine this would be a very eisy game.

Against TIGIH speeders
This might be a hard game drain at interior sites so the speeders cant get you only go out side to do the retreiving thing then run back inside this is a hard game but it is possible to win.

Against MWYHL
Get secret plans out fast start cuasing as much damage as possible befor they flip dont forget to make them lose to the objective when they flip and come to you you could be in for some problems if they got a good destiny just battle retrieve run and repeat hope that they dont occupy 2 battlegrounds for come here coward or they will just retrieve there whole lost pile this is probaly th hardest mathcup. '