---
layout: archive
author: ! Brian "Gold 42" Monday
title: ! "Ne Ganna Dateel Jabba"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-18
description: ! "Capture the LS guys and feed them tothe Rancor and Sarlacc."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Any Methods Necessary

Locations
Cloud City Security Tower
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Rancor Pit
Nal Hutta
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Tusken Canyon

Characters
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
Boba Fett x2
Bossk With Mortar Gun
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
Gailid
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba x2
Jodo Kast
Malakili
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Zuckuss

Creatures
Rancor x3
Sarlacc

Vehicles
Skiff x2

Starships
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Slave I
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts
Hutt Smooch
Monnok
None Shall Pass x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Trap Door
We Have A Prisoner x3

Effects
All Wrapped Up
Bounty x2
Expand The Empire
Presence Of The Force
Scum And Villainy x2

Weapons
Boba Fett's Blaster Rifle
Dengar's Modified Riot Gun
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Use Any Methods Necessary to grab Fett, his rifle
and Slave I out along with the Security Tower
(only because the Dungeon starts off on table).

Then, if opponent plays space, start fishing for
BH ships.  Otherwise, pounce on the ground guys
they drop, capture them and feed them to the
creatures for some Force loss.	If you feed them
to the Rancor, not only do they lose Force, but
you retrieve as well

Nal Hutta is in to fish for Bounty.  Malakili is
in to slow down attacks on your Rancor.

LS space isn't big in my area, so no Security
Precautions for now, although I might pull one S&V
for that.

Against mains and toys, beatdown and capture.
Lather, rinse, repeat.

Against MWYHL, deploy on the mains/other
characters, and cause as much early Force loss
as possible.

Against ops, kill buddy, capture op.  Note
Fett's Blaster Rifle is +2 to hit vehicles, so
speeders aren't exactly safe to hide ops in.

Against numbers, pound on what gives the numbers
FAST.

I don't really see too many other decks in my
area, and numbers almost next to never, so I
don't normally pack counters to too much other
stuff.


'