---
layout: archive
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "RopsThe Mains version- 1 more time"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-22
description: ! "ralltiir with mains as well as scrubs.does well vs everything and can come back even after early beatdowns or drains. won me a tourney recently. fun deck, play it and do well with it, untill onee ta."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Ralltiir Opertaions/ITHOTE

Locations (9)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star II Docking Bay
Desert
Forest
Jungle
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Sullust
Wakeelmui

Characters (19)
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
At-St Pilot x 2
Captain Sarkli
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Dr. Evazan
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
Ig-88 With Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Watts
Lord Vader
Major Marquand
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Officer Evax
Sim Aloo

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3

Starships (5)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightaber

Inturrupts (6)
Alter x 2
Force Lightning
Prepared Defenses
Trample
You Are Beaten

Effects (13)
Ability, Ability, Ability
Blast Door Controls
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Overseeing It Personally
Resistance
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x 2

'

Strategy: '

ok this deck is just about dead so i gave it one more go this weekend and it did well.
here is the strategy use iao, and mob points to get fast force and flip quick. set-up your drains with sabers and overseeing it personally. use search and destroy as well as aaa to wear down non interactive decks.

card choices sullust- drain of 2 that cant be reduced by test 1. far enough away from ralltiir to prevent some of the light sides ships from moving there.
wakeelmui- better than rendeli since it doesnt give away an icon and a place for the ls do deploy and invade ralltiir.
3 vader-for vs there is good in him, plus each one is good in a different way
evzan- you got sabers so use this dude with them. lord vader+dr e + saber=nasty.
marquand/watts, palpy/sim, igar/temp 1- 2 destinys are nice, esecially vs rst when han cancels 1 you still rack up the attrition.
not lots of blue-its not needed. you dont have to rely on reacts when you have double destinys and lodes of power, but they can work well if the opponent doesnt expect them.
no tempest 5-its ability 1 so it cant hold a site alone with a guy on it, so i dont use it
force lighting-this, trample and arnet are your defense vs arcona if you setup decree on hoth, otherwise its a trackable 5
yab-cance fury or use to do a beatdown with
aaa-anti mwyhl
blast door controls-cancel barrier and narrow escape, its a god card
overseeing it-more drains are good
resistance-anti odds, anti afa, anti ebo, it rules


matchups
rst. setup and flip (if you can, if not dont worry). battle on ralltiir. your interrupts are key, trample, force lightning, yab will help you alot.  try to take over their back door if you can. set up decree if possible

ebo. use resistance or decree to slow them. setup your drains and use direct damage to get the win.

hbx. drain and direct damage, probe whe needed, close game. use plans to slow retrevial. grab gay interrupts.

mains. any typewe they will beat you up if you try to setup fast, so just put a bunch off crap at 1 site and draw, eat early drains. use desert and threat of sandwhirl to your advantage. get out guys and battle, have fun, kick their @#$% (chances are that you wont flip though, but thats ok)

mwyhl. use secret plans to slow retrevial, resistance as anti-afa, drain/damage, battle if you can. birong game but you may be able to win it.

odds. use resstance as you kill em w/ drain and damage

any questions dmail me, thanx

swccguy


'