---
layout: archive
author: ! John "jpvz" Veasey
title: ! "A Profit Elom beating"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-28
description: ! "A deck combingi my old Elom beating with the nasty effects of Profit and help from the docking bay of Endor and D2 to get around"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You Can Either Profit By This... / Or Be Destroyed

Locations
Home One Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber (Start)
Spaceport Docking Bay x2
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (Start)

Characters (30)
Bothan Spy  x2
Elom  x10
Figrin D'an
Han
Harc Seff
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Rennek
Tamtel Skreej
Tanus Spijek
Tessek
Ben Kenobi  x3
Boushh	x2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko

Effects (9)
Bargaining Table
Draw Their Fire
Honor Of The Jedi
Insurrection (SE)
Order To Engage
Scramble
Staging Areas (SE)
Uh-oh (SE)
Wise Advice
Mechanical Failure

Interrupts (11)
Heading For The Medical Frigate (SI)
The Signal  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x3
Rebel Barrier  x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now  x3

'

Strategy: '

WHOOPS sorry bout that, didn't realize I posted this under DS decks. Please don't base your review on the fact that I screwed up.


This is a profit deck designed to battle it out against the new decks from Death Star 2 most of which feature Imperials. Using old Elom boosters a like Tanjus and Tessek along with kicken mains produces a tough force to take on almost anything the opponent sends at you.

This is a slow flip Profit deck. Wait until you have a few cards in the lost pile, a few mains out and on the table. Use Order to Engage to chase any pesky lounger in the AC, and then set upon them outside with a strong force. Now for the matchups

 Rops try and invade early and prevent the flip

BHBM Pick your battles carefully. Try and catch them at a weak point with a swarm of Eloms is probably your best bet.

TIEs Spread and drain is the key here. Set up Tessek and throw down the Spaceport DB’s on his system to get drains of two all over. Hopefully you should outdrain them and get retrieve w/ Profit and Nar Shaddar.

Court will probably be your toughest matchup. Use OTE to get them scurrying out of the AC and if you see Mara wail on here with every Elom you can muster. Let the mains take care of their aliens and Profiting when you have them on the ropes.

As always suggestions and comments welcome.
'