---
author: michael "Deck" Gemme
title: The Cheese Starts Here
side: Light
date: 2000-06-23
description: This is the Cheesiest deck one can imagiine.	Granted, once D*II comes out this deck will be rendered obsolete, However this deck of cheese will live on as the cheesiest ever.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

MWYHL/SYIC

Locations (9)
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Dagobah Swamp
Rendevoux Point
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Kessel
Coruscant
Ralltiir x2

Characters (6)
Artoo x2
8D8 x2
Bantha Droid x2

Effects (14)
Echo Base Garrison (starting)
Yarna Da'l gargan
Rebel Fleet
Koeysener Manufacturing x2
Never Tell me The Odds x6
What're you trying to push on us x2
Insurrection

Interrupts (13)
All Wings Report In x2
Organized Attack x5
The Signal x3
A Few Manuvers x3

Starships (18)
ywing x16
Ywing assault squadron x2



Strategy: 

What you do is pull the bantha and 8d8 droids.  then you hope for artoo, if not then just pull the other bantha droid and start your numbers.  Just keep doing numbers while you keep getting Ywings out and draining at whatever systems you get.

Signal for whatever effects you need and dont pull.  Rebel Fleet is always a plus.  As is Yarna and insurrection so you can get out your docking bay and stick the droids there,  if you cant do that then get the droids to ywings.  OR if youre lucky and pull 3 ywings and a squadron deploy em, switch and stick the droids on that thing and head for the rendevoux point.  Just protect the droids and drain in space.  if they come and hit you then just hammer them out of there with OA and wait for numbers to come up.

Wedge is also a nice addition to this deck as it doesnt hurt your numbers at all.  Also i had battle plan in here but took it out of the list.	but if there is something in here you dont like, like yarna or something then take out that and put in battle plan because its a good way to get your opponent circulating force and hence bringing those NTMTO to the top

The grabbers are key in this deck, as are the signals because there are 14 effects in the deck.  You shouldnt ever have a problem getting a NTMTO.

Now i know this is such a gross deck and i'd never play it in a tourney but think of what couldve happend if D*2 didnt destroy numbers completely.  This deck could be a world winner.  EWWW.	but its fun to smack the hell out of a HDADTJ deck that plays 15 7's and chokes mains.
PEACE