---
author: Mike "Kessling" Kessling
title: 7 Words- Anti ROPS TIGIH
side: Light
date: 2000-08-09
description: This is my TIGIH deck which runs 7 eloms to knock off ROPS or any deck with high amounts of imps. It wrecks Bring him before me too.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke's Lightsaber
Endor : Landing Platform
Endor : Chief Chirpas Hut
Heading for the Medical Frigate
I feel the conflict
Squadron Assignments
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves you Well
TIGIH/ICSH

Locations:
Kessel
Kiffex
Corulag
Home One: DB
Spaceport DB

Interrupts:
On the Edge x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
Suprise Assault
Rebel Barrier x2
A Few Manuevers x2
control x2
Out Of Commission
The Signal
Punch It! x2

Ships:
Millenium Falcon x2
Home One
Spiral
Tantive 4

Effects:
Uncontrollable Fury
Push on us x2
Never Tell me the odds
Wise Advice
Legendary Starfighter
Traffic Control
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Order to Engage
Honor of the jedi
staging areas

characters:

General Calrissian
Leia with Gun
wedge antilles
epp obi
obi
captain han solo x2
elom x7


Strategy: 

You start what you need to start and insurection, YISYW, and SA. If you are facing direct damge and dont need YISYW sac it and get HOTJ. If you need more activation sac it and get out Staging Areas.

Always get out the Home One: DB and keep luke draining. If they take Luke with a random imp leave him there untill Vader takes Luke. Kill Vader ASAP or put Fury on him (if not Lord Vader). Use the Eloms to take care of any problems on the ground. Use the Falcon to take over in space.

Against ROPS:

Get DBs and Staging areas. Activate a lot. Get the falcon to Ralltiir ASAP. If they dont get out the docking bay, use the spaceport DB and get luke over to Ralltirr so they have to take him. Beat down with the Eloms. Should be an easy game. Suprise Assault when you have tracked. Retreive with OTE and Wind Chimes.

Against BHBM: Get Honor of the Jedi and drain at the Hut with Luke. If they capture Luke, Battle them when possible. Drain in space. Beat down on Vader with Eloms. use Fury.

Against COTVG: Get Eloms to Tatooine if possible. This game could be tough, but I dont expect much COTCG due to Profit. Drain in Space.


Against SYCFA: Drain at the Death Star. Beat down with Eloms. An easier game than ROPS.

*** Card Choices:

I dont have wedges new ship, so I cant play it. I only have one EPP leia, so I cant run 2, hence Gen Cal. Control and the Catch cards are SAC protection. Use Projections to block drains. Track destiny the whole game.  ***

______________________________________

Card changes:
Never tell me the odds for Hyper Escape.
______________________________________
In Response to reviews:

I find that most decks try to be somewhat balanced. TIES might be a slight problem if they run guns, but if I suspect guns I will wait till I get AFM and have caught APTW. I think I am good enough to beat TIES with this deck.

Any input you can give is welcomed. Dont give retarted reviews saying this is unoriginal or some shi*. Constructive reviews wanted.

Thanks,

Michael Kessling
Naboo Regional 2000 Runner up

