---
layout: archive
author: ! garrett "deadbody" larson
title: ! "Missing on Tatooine"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-25
description: ! "This is a modified court deck who’s goal is to make any characters that come to tatooine missing, then bring them to the dungeon."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff8
Court of the chubby Gangster
Tat. Carkoon
JP Audience Chamb.
JP dungeon
Prepared Defences
No Bargin
Oppresive Enforcement
There is no Try

Locations6
Jabbas Palace
Judland Wastes
Lars Farm
Dag. Cave
DS2 DB
Tat. DB

Character15
2x Dr. Evanzan
Fett w/ Gun
Fett
Jodo Kast
Bossk w/ gun
Dengar w/gun
2x IG-88 w/gun
2x 4-Lom w/gun
Jabba
Mosep
Mara
Vader w/saber

Green 2
Maras glo-stik
Dr. E’s pellet gun

Effects7
First Strike
2x scum
2x disarmed
2x search and destroy

Interuppts22
3x twi’lek
3x barrier
2x projective telepathy
3x alwyas thinking w/your stomach
4x hunting party
2x he hasn’t come back yet
sniper
2x hidden easpons
2x jabbas through with you '

Strategy: '

The goal of this deck is to send any characters that they send to tatooine missing, then deposit them into the dungeon.	All the characters with guns can disarm the epp’s and dr. e can work his magic.  The Vader is just there for hit and run missions.  Any ground deck is going to have problems, I should have enough cards to make it so the battles only happen on my terms, then I can set them up, and use all my goofy cards on them.  Plus retrieving them every time I start a battle helps.	I have not played this deck yet, It was an idea I had, and seems like it could be pretty good.	I am worried about HB Swarm, but I don’t have the space to fit it in.  I am hoping to see if anyone sees any glaring weaknesses in this before I build it.  PLEASE don’t tell me to yank all the make you missing stuff, that is the goal of the deck, and I have already built and won with a normal scum deck.  Any Q;s or constructive comment’s sedn me a message '