---
layout: archive
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! "What s my age again"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-30
description: ! "And that's about the time she walked away from me, nobody likes you when you're 23."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Hunt Down and destroy the Jedi

Locations (5)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay
Imperial Holotable

Characters (8)
Darth Vader, DLOTS x2
Vader w/Lightsaber x3
Mara Jade, TEH
IG-88 w/Riot Gun

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Starships (3)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x2

Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Interupts (29)
Twi-lek Advisor x2
Masterful Move x3
HoloNet Transmission
The Circle Is Now Complete x3
Vader's Obsession x3
Focused Attack x2
Counter Assault x5
Torture x3
Evader x2
Put All Sections on Alert x2
You Are Beaten x2
It's Worse

Effects (12)
Visage of the Emperor x3
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Traffic Control
I Am Your Father
Image of the Dark Lord
Security Precatuions
Presence of the Force
Disarmed '

Strategy: '

This originated as a counter assault deck with 10 counter assaults, 2 locations, and a stockpile of destiny 6 and 7 cards.  In theory, I'd counter assualt every one of their drains and make them lose force.  There were 2 major holes with that deck, power 6 X-Wings and power 5 Luke and Obi.  Then I thought Security Precautions and a few immune to attrition ships could handle the X-Wings if I had a consistent damage source.  I could throw in a Vader or 2 and duel Ben and Luke with destiny 6 interupts.	I added hunt down for Visage damage and I replaced the useless destiny 7's with situational destiny 5 and 6 cards.  In all, 26 cards have destiny 5 or higher.  I could still blindly initiate duels and expect to win (especially with focused attack and Disarmed-no Glancing Blow and no saber bonus).  I added some lower destiny cards to streamline the deck and the result is amazing.	The lower destiny cards give added power and many can be pulled from the reserve deck.

Locations (5)- I start with 2, MM pulls the holotable, and IAO pulls the DB's.  IAO starts against everything that doesn't start with a site, so in many games, I have all 5 locations out by turn 2.  Don't tell me I don't have enough activation.  I don't deploy or draw that much, so I don't need to clutter my deck with destiny 0 cards.	I get excess force against anything that gives me icons and I do fine against choke decks for activation.

Characters and wepaons (9)- You need 5 Vaders to reasonably draw him early and mara is an excellent 2nd fighter who can also duel Luke (don't risk Vader when you don't have to).  Iggy can capture characters and keep them off the table.  No vader's saber because it is destiny 1 and it doesn't make a huge impact.  Don't tell me I need tarkin for dueling.  I haven't lost a duel yet and GMT is good for getting beatdown.  He doesn't do as mcuh as a Dr. E would in this deck.

The ships (3)- primarily for HB defense.  With Sec. Prec. and Vader and his chamber text, these are incredible ships.  the super falcon doesn't work against this as long as you keep hunt Down flipped.

The removal theme- with so few characters (characters suck for destiny), I need ways to prevent them from dying after one battle.  This is primarily done by Counter Assault.  If they want to swarm, Counter Assault the drain.  If you average a 5 (which you should after weeding out your destiny 1 stuff by midgame), you will cause force loss against everything except X/B-Wing swarms and Obi/Luke(duel).  When you have to battle, you have You Are Beaten, which excludes ability and a weapon shot.  YAB also cancels UNCFury and gets I am Your Father.  disarmed helps by taking out a weapon shot and IGGY and Choke Vader eliminate characters from battle.  Duels also eliminate the LS heavy hitters.  Finally, Put All Sections on alert can remove ability and weapons from any rebel invading your sites.

I am your father- sooooo underrated.  Destiny 6, causes 2 force loss a turn when they cross Luke over (just Hide on the Executor with Luke) can be pulled with YAB, nuff said.

No search and destroy?- I could've added the CC DB and the effect for non-combative decks, but deploying Leia to either site would cancel the effect.	not worth 2 low destiny cards.

Tricky matchups

Throne Room- I still haven't decided what to start with yet.  If you know the Revo's are coming, start CtR.  If they're not, start PotF on their Throne Room.  You can put Vader down for a flip and drain or kill Nudj's easily.  If I had another Twi-lek, I'd start crush.  That's the safe start. MM for Holotable is good in this game.

MWYHL- the only deck that can get Uncle Fury doing lots of damage.  Keep HoloNet Transmission working and Visage doing damage.	Tests 1 and 2 do nothing to this deck.	Test 3 hurts but people who test to 3 test to 5 and don't have anything left over to fight you with when they flip.

Hidden BAse swarm- start IAO and flip, keep Visage working and get Battle Order working.  Move Vader to Holotheatre after you flip and draw for your ships and security Precautions.  After they flip, move Vader over to his chamber and put your ships at their 3 big drain systems.	If you can keep them to paying 3 to drain for 1, Visage will win the game.  This destroys Faulke HB because they can't use Super Falcon and they are weak to put All Sections on Alert and dueling.

Cards I wanted to add

Dr. E and another Disarmed-  this adds to the good removal and causes fewer losses and more battle damage.

I Have You Now-  I rarely battle Luke and one destiny just doesn't cut it, even with CtR.

Come Here You Big Coward- this was completely a meta move.  More people play ICBW (hence the it's Worse) than non-battleground drains and retrieval.  It's nice to have, but there are more effective cards.
'