---
layout: archive
author: ! Joe "arebelspy" Olson
title: ! "No sleep (Choke  em)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-06
description: ! "Post ECC Force Choke.	Has worked well during playtesting."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(4)
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Careful Planning
Swamp
Farm

Locations(6)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Kashyyyk
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut

Characters(16)
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Harc Seff
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Oola
Orrimaarko
R-3PO (Ar-Threepio)
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles
Yoxgit

Creatures(2)
Nudj  x2

Starships(2)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon

Interrupts(11)
Courage Of A Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Grimtaash
Nabrun Leids
Out Of Commission  x2
The Signal  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2
Tunnel Vision

Effects(17)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Civil Disorder
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets  x2
Goo Nee Tay
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Revolution  x5
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2

Devices(2)
Landing Claw  x2 '

Strategy: '

Revo is alive.  With 2 The Signals (both are in reserve deck, as you start w/ Careful Planning), and 2 WAYTTPOU, the evaders won't be in their deck for long.  If they start Crush, don't dep. a Revo. until you get a grabber and have 3 force saved.

Basically drain in space (and if they can scrape together enough force to get a ship out, use the landing claws), and on the ground.  Not much drain potential, but the strength is battling.  Battle as much as possible (especially against an ISB deck).  The only weakness is SFS, but revo Walkeemi, and if they control, all their TIEs are dep. +2, and landing claws on their dreadnaughts, or other capital ships, and revo all their systems, so they drain less, etc.  If needed, stick a pilot on a ship, and battle then go undercover.

Oola helps take away characters, and Yoxgit is neat tech (though everyone knows it).  Get out Battle Plan, as you can afford to drain, they can't, Goo Nee Tay (HDADJ got 10 force for vader and Tarkin?  Dep. Goo Nee Tay, only vader comes down, beat him up, or if oola is out, take them both away).  Trans. Term. to stop visage.  Basically Revo still rocks the house '