---
layout: archive
author: ! Peter "martian" Hall
title: ! "No S-Foils No Problem"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-27
description: ! "EBO deck with some old-school X-Wing Boosters."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (6)
Hoth MPG
The Signal
A New Secret Base
4th Marker
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations(7)
Echo Med Lab
Echo Command Center
Echo Docking Bay
Bespin
Chandrilla
Hoth
Kiffex

Characters(12)
Chewbacca
Colonel Feyn Gospic x2
Corporal Delevar
Commander Evram Lajae
Commander Vanden Willard
General Dodonna
Han w/ Blaster
Luke w/ Saber x2
Mon Mothma
Obi Wan Kenobi

Starships(11)
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Lando in Falcon
Redemption
X-Wing x8

Weapons(2)
X-Wing Cannon x2

Effects(10)
A New Secret Base
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Ops
Haven
Incom Corporation
Insurrection
Order To Engage
Rebel Planners
Wise Advice
WAYTTPOU?

Interrupts(12)
Balanced Attack
Effective Repairs x2
It's A Hit
Organized Attack x3
Out of Nowhere x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction
The Signal x2
'

Strategy: '

D'oh - I have been informed that I listed ANSB twice. The extra slot should be a Signal.

This is just a fun little deck I whipped up the other day. Decipher tried so hard to make Rebel Planners usable that I thought I'd give it a try.

Strat
Same basic setup as all EBO decks. Here's what some of the key cards do, so you don't have to launch Deckmaker ;)

Feyn Gospic - makes RP appilcable to all systems.
Delevar -  prevents forfiet reduction. Good with Insuerrection.
Evram Lajae - react to Hoth.
Dodonna - doubles Rebel Planners.
Mon Mothma - subtracts 1 from opp's BD at systems
Balanced Attack - Fetch a general (Obi or Dodonna) from reserve, or add 1 to attrition for each snub fighter present.

After the initial setup, try to get a decent-sized force setup on the ground. Holding the DB is important. A couple of cards let you add a destiny (SWM, Han) and Insurrection/Delevar/Tank should minimize losses. Meanwhile, try to setup in space. Incom Corp. and Rebel Planners should (usually) be pulled first. Then OTE, Haven, etc.

Apart from that, the deck is pretty self-explanitory. Have fun...





'