---
layout: archive
author: ! Paul "Ultima 1" Merrian
title: ! "Fighter Screen"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-08
description: ! "This deck is a space deck with several pilots who are able to go to ground if your opponent does."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
Kessel
Prepared Defenses
Combat Response
First Strike
Inconsequential Losses

Locations (9)
Mon Calamari
Anoat
Sullust
Kuat
Wakeelmui
Hoth
Death Star 2
Endor
Rendili

Characters (12)
Lt. Hebsly
Danz Borin
Ponda Baba
Capt. Godherdt
Adm. Piett
Maj. Turr Phennir
DS-181-3
DS-181-4
Comm Cheif
Boba Fett (CC)
Lord Vader
Dr. Evazan

Starships (18)
Scythe 3
TIE Interceptor x3
Saber 2
Saber 3
Saber 4
TIE Defender x2
TIE Avenger x2
Drednaught
Flagship Executor
Judicator
Chimaera
Thunderflare

Interrupts (5)
I’ve Got a Problem Here
Flawless Marksmanship x2
All Power to Weapons
Dark Maneuvers

Weapons (8)
HTB x2
Intruder Missiles x2
Concussion Missiles
SFS 9.3 LCs x2
SFS 9.2 LCs

Effects (2)
Pride of the Empire
Sienar Fleet Systems

Admiral’s Orders (1)
Fighter Cover '

Strategy: '

Deploy ships as quickly as you can and start battling.  If your opponent is playing ground, drop Lord Vader, Fett, Ponda, and the Doc to where they are.
Concentrate your forces if they are playing space, or spread out to drain, if they are playing ground.

This is 2 for 3 in testing, and the loss was the first time I played it, before I got used to it.

HB  spread out and probe, while staying concentrated enough to beat any forces the light side gathers.
TIGIH	leave Vader on a ship, and put another pilot on the ground.
Profit  hit hard and drain whenever you can
Space	overwhelm them and destroy their fleet

I am starting First Strike to make sure it is out when I start. '