---
layout: archive
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! "Conn H&R"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-03
description: ! "The title means Conneticut Hit and Run. This is my version of TJ 'Techmaster' Holman's Hit and Run deck, tweaked for my playing ground, CT."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations 8
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Dejarik Hologameboard
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Hoth Echo Command Center
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Starships 6
Gold Leader x3
Red Leader x3

Characters 8
EPP Leia x2
EPP Luke x3
EPP Obi x3

Effects 16
Anger, Fear, Aggression x5
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Do, Or Do Not
Draw Their Fire
No Disintegrations
Order To Engage
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Scrambled Transmission
Wars Not Make One Great
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us

Interrupts 22
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Don't Tread On Me
Effective Repairs x2
Glancing Blow
Keep Your Eyes Open
On the Edge x2
Out of Commission x2
Run Luke, Run
Shocking Info x2
Skywalkers
Star Destroyer
The Bith Shuffle
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated x3
'

Strategy: '

First, mad props to TJ Holman for the original design, and for help in making this. On to the deck Start the Holotable and Don't Tread On Me for Do Or Do Not and Scrambled Transmission. Two counters for things that hurt your deck right off the bat. Strategy is to insert the AFAs, retrieving them with Effective Repairs. They, and the drain at the Holotable with the Projections, will be your main source of damage. The On the Edges are my personal preferences. I like the easy retrieval since there are so many 5s and 6s, almost all trackable, and they are a good way to save a stranded character from a beatdown. Trans Term will get rid of Visage. My dueling protection is Run Luke Runa and Glancing Blow. You will NOT lose to dueling unless everything goes your opponents way. Every guy that could be dueled gets +1 to their draws, every guy that could be dueled can use Glancing Blow, and your destinies are insane. Do NOT tell me to add more dueling protection. Specific tech Star Destroyer for the mass retrieval with On the Edge, or just to scare off your opponent. Skywalkers cancels Barrier, and can be used with Leia and Luke together. A note on why I chose EPP Leia she draws destiny by herself and can shoot easily to knock out two people, just like Luke and Obi. Order to Engage is for COMPLETELY non-interactive decks like ISB drop and drain. It will win you games. Same goes for No Disintegrations. It works amazingly against Court decks and Scum decks. Just swing at the nearest bounty hunter so All Wrapped Up doesn't get you. I suppose that's it now. Enjoy '