---
layout: archive
author: ! Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: ! "Who Says Ralops Can t Get Activation v 2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-23
description: ! "Get Great Activation, Flip Early, and win the Drain Race."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 6
Ralops/In The Hands...
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
IAO
Imperial Decree

Characters 19
Palpy
Lord Vader
Mara Jade, TEH
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Colonel Davod Jon
Commander Igar
Ozzel
Captain Sarkli
Chief Retwin
Lt. Endicott
Imperial Commander
Biker Scout Trooper x3
M'iiyoom Onith
Barquin D'an
Mosep

Vehicles 9
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scout x2
Speeder Bike x3

Starships 7
Boba Fett in Ship
Bossk in Ship
Dengar in Ship
Zuckuss in Ship
Chimaera
Visage
Accuser

Effects 5
Overseeing It Personally
ETE
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
POTF x2

Interrupts 5
Dark Jedi Presence
Trample
Sense
Alter
Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo?

Locations 7
DSII DB
Executor DB
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Spaceport City
Spaceport Street
Forest
Kuat

Weapons 1
Mara Jade's Stick
'

Strategy: '

It Should Say, Vehicles 10


Since this is just an updated deck, not a new one, I will not go into too much depth in the strategy.  (If you want pretty much everything, go to my First Deck, Who Says Ralops Can't Get Activation?)

Basically, get out Kuat, Executor DB, and a scrub there for sure on the first turn.  If the Scrub is Ozzel or Endicott, deploy a site with objective and a Bikerscout/bike or Tempest Scout.  After that, you have a guarenteed 7 activation on the SECOND turn, not to shabby  Then, flip in 2-3 turns, depending on what's in your hand and get your drain modifers out.  You can usually get a drain of 10 or so, with a potential of more than that.

Card Explanations

Oo-ta Goo-to Solo?
I have been having lots of trouble with Ledis lately, and although IAO limits it to move phases, I am being invaded because of it.  So, I put in this card.

Walkers and Bikes
I first had exclusively Bikes and scouts, but they were getting beat up by EPP weapons (via Narbrun Ledis) and so I diversified.  The Bikes are to flip, and the Walkers are weapon safe.  Everthing can also react.

Decree
I had left this out for awhile and it hurt.  In pretty much every common deck, there are Drain Bonuses of some kind or another.  MWYHL is an exception.  With two planets out in the first turn that only Tantive and Tyderium can get to, It's easy to get decree set up.

More Space
I was getting beat up...nuff said.

No Veers/Blizzard 1
He really wasn't that effective.

Reviews and comments are welcome,
May The Force Be With You
'