---
layout: archive
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Jabba’s ISB"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-28
description: ! "Using Tatooine as the base, and utilizing the bonuses of a Jabba’s Palace deck, this deck combines efficient retrieval and ability to drain high."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 9
Coruscant Imperial Square
Tatooine
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace (x2)
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Tusken Canyon

CHARACTERS - 17
Chall Bekan
Ephant Mon
Jabba
Mosep
Outer Rim Scout (x12)
5D6-RA-7

STARSHIPS - 4
IG-2000
Jabba’s Space Cruiser
Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

VEHICLES - 6
Speeder Bike (x6)

EFFECTS - 11
Den Of Thieves
No Bargain
Power Of The Hutt
Reactor Terminal
Royal Escort
Scum And Villainy (x2)
Search And Destroy
Tatooine Occupation (x2)
There Is No Try

OBJECTIVE - 1
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents

INTERRUPTS - 12
Abyssin Ornament (x3)
Accelerate
Combat Readiness (x2)
Point Man
Prepared Defenses
Projective Telepathy (x2)
Twi’lek Advisor (x2) '

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents, Coruscant Imperial Square, Prepared Defenses for There Is No Try, No Bargain, and Power Of The Hutt

Object of deck
This is a standard drop-and-drain deck.  Hopefully you’ll be able to pull sites rapidly, and then start dropping the ORSs on Bikes.  With Royal Escort, and the Accelerate, an EPP/armed forces assault has less of a chance to kill off the scouts.  The ORSs piloting the independent starships helps provide some space resistance, and protects the Occupation from being cancelled.  With Jabba adding 2 to the ORSs’ forfeit, and No Bargain adding 1, Ghhhks are unnecessary.	Against a Jedi Testing deck, while the drains will be killed, the Occupation is the prime thing to protect, along with Search And Destroy and controlling Tatooine sites.  Use Power Of The Hutt to get Ephant out when necessary, and can help you get Jabba’s Cruiser out when a space location hit the table.
Force retrieval engine is Scum And Villainy when initiating battles and Abyssin Ornament on the ORSs.

Why This

Accelerate - trackable 6; also makes it harder for your Bike riders to get hit by a weapon when Royal Escort is on table.
Projective Telepathy - can cancel beatdown battles and can be used for you to initiate battle, retrieve with Scum And Villainy, and then cancel the battle.
Point Man - cancels an untimely Scramble, Order To Engage, etc. '