---
layout: archive
author: ! Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: ! "Freezing Eloms"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-06
description: ! "This is an Eloms drain deck with seroius beatdown capabilities."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

1 x Hoth Main Power Generators
1 x The Signal
1 x Wise Advice (3)

Locations

1 x Hoth North Ridge
1 x Hoth Defensive Perimeter
1 x Hoth Snow Trench
1 x Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
1 x Hoth Echo Docking bay
1 x Hoth Echo Med Lab
1 x Tattooine Docking Bay 94
1 x Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber (8)

Starships

1 x Lando in Millenium Falcon
1 x Red Leader in Red 1 (2)

Devices

2 x Landing Claw (2)

Effects

1 x Traffic Control
1 x Bargaining Table
1 x Bacta Tank
1 x Bo Shuda
1 x Goo Nee Tay
1 x A Gift
2 x What're They Tryin To Push On Us (8)

Interrupts

6 x It Could be Worse
3 x Nar Shaddar Wind Chimes
4 x Rebel Barrier
1 x Transmission Terminated
1 x Skywalkers (15)

Characters

1 x Luke With Lightsabre
1 x Obi-Wan with Lightsabre
1 x Leia with Blaster Rifle
1 x Tawss Khaa
1 x Captain Han Solo
1 x Chewbacca
1 x Artoo
1 x Tanus Splejik
2 x Tessek
12 x Elom (22) '

Strategy: '

This deck is designed to be a quite fast drain deck with potential to go and kick the crap out of any group of characters where there is an imperial, but this is secondary.
Draw up to start with, looking for the audience chamber and tessek.
Deploy tessek with protection along with tanus splejik when you find him. Once Bo shuda is on the table, you shouldn't have too many problems at that end.
I chose hoth for draining because it is the most annoying planet for the DS to have to come and battle you on, and you'll see them coming. During playtesting, The DS either stayed on their own planet, and tried to outdrain me, or they came to docking bay 94.
You should grab anything annoying like abyssin ornament or scanning Crew(free, with wise advice).
It could be worse any damage, and try and get some force baack once you have a decent number of Eloms on the table.


here's some strategy for different decks.

VS hunt Down

There will usually be at least vader, Mara and tarkin for imperials, so send eloms right after them. You'll want to save the audience chamber in your hand,until you get tessek and Bo Shuda. Transmission terminated should deal with Visage,
and you can ICBW the damage until you find it.
considering the number of characters in the deck,
You should be able to assemble a force to wallop anything pretty quickly. Depending on the variant, there will probably be more battling vs HD than most.

VS Ralops

Don't let them flip if possible. If they do, you will have to try and battle them off ralltir, as we need force drain bonuses. Tanus Splejik at the audience chamber could be very important in these games, as elom will then be 2-2, even without an imperial. Send ample back up in the form of Tawss, as it may be difficult to deploy rebels to ralltir. Ideally, you want to outdrain them, but if you have to fight, this deck is more than capable.

VS ISB

You want to try and get the jump on them in these games, as ISB can move fast. If they aren't using Probe drids, or if they aren't a lucky sod with 15 outer rim scouts, they'll have to use Imperials, so apply an elom beating. try and barrier a lone agent. If you pull this off, the resulting battle could be so damaging, it would be game over

VS This deal is getting worse all the time

Could be an interesting one. Both decks rely on Force drain bonus, although my eloms not as much as the DS. Drain them in the early going, and if you a sizeable lead, keep things the way they are.
Doing not so well may require a trip to the city in the clouds, to apply the samck down.

VS Court

You want artoo and a gift asap. When the time is right, stick down tessek ans your audience chamber with bo shuda. They will then have to come after you, so lead them on a wild chase round tattooine, while you drain at hoth. Or, if you feel like it, just go and muller them withbEloms and Mains.

VS Numbers

No problem. Eloms are destiny 4, so just use them to drain at hoth. If you put Artoo down, you might beat them for numbers.

VS all decks playing with lots of aliens.

Gain control of AC quickly (yours or theirs). Get a gift on Artoo with tessek, tanus and bo shuda.

Thaks for reading. o)
'