---
layout: archive
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! "OOPS  was that YOUR planet"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-10
description: ! "My first attempt at a Death Star deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 6
SYCFA/TUPITU
Death Star
Alderaan
Docking Bay 327
Imperial Arrest Order
Twilek Advisor

Locations 8
Detention Block Corridor
Level 4 Military Corridor
War Room
Conference Room
Yavin 4
Hoth
Endor
Kashyyyk

Characters 15
Death Star Gunner x4
EPP Vader
Zuckuss
Bane Malar
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Vader x2
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Djas Puhr
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax

Starships 9
Avenger
BFiS1
ZiMH
Devastator
Executor
Thunderflare
Death Star Assault Squadron
Bossk In Bus
DiPO

Vehicles 3
Lift Tube x2
Blizzard 2

Effects 6
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Resistance
Return To Base
Pride Of The Empire
Oppressive Enforcement

Interrupts 8
Alter
Imbalance
I Have You Now
Sense
A Dark Time For The Rebellion
Put All Sections On Alert
You Are Beaten
Its Worse

Weapons 3
Superlaser
Mara Jades Lightsaber
Vaders Lightsaber

Epic Events 2
Commence Primary Ignition x2
'

Strategy: '

Yes, everybody, this IS my first Death Star deck since the days of precustomized.  Please help me.	I had originally planned for this deck to be an overall counter deck, but decided against it since I am not that experienced in deckbuilding.  However, some traits are still there.  Anyways,
Basic Strategy  Get the War Room first.  Get gunners there ASAP.  Put Ozzel or Evax at the Conference Room ASAP.  IAO is to stop Nabrun beatdowns and add some forfiet fodder.  Blow up Alderaan or the opponents planet.  If theyre still alive, drain.

vs. Throne Room Mains Blow up Yavin 4 -)
vs. LS Anti-Death Star Objective  Use the Death Star Assault Squadron against their Attack Runs.  Blow up Y4.	Good matchup.
vs. EBO  Another good matchup.  Blow up Hoth while using your space fleet to hold back their ships.
vs. Ops  Blow up the Subjugated Planet.  Use your ground forces to kill some operatives in the meantime.
vs. MWYHL  Blow up Alderaan, then drain the heck out of them.	Use Imbalance.
vs. Profit Start Mara and Bane.  Reinforce ASAP.  Blow up Alderaan and drain.
vs. Anything Else Blow up planet if possible.	If not, blow up Alderaan and drain.

Specific Cards
-Its Worse  I once beat a Death Star deck by absorbing 14 damage when he blew up my Hoth.  Never want to fall to that.
-8 Characters can draw destiny by themselves.
-Lift Tubes are for shuttling people around on the Death Star and destiny.
-Speaking of destiny, I have 4 destiny 6s.  All the 0s will be out of my deck by the end of the game.
-I will be replacing several ability 1 Star Destroyers shortly (D*2)
-I have Sense and Alter in here to cancel opponents major interrupts and effects.

Thats all for now.  Remember to tell me what to take out, as well as what to put in.
Thanx
---Carson'