---
author: Jason "Qui" Keen
title: Pods, Profit, and @#$%es!
side: Light
date: 2001-07-02
description: This is a solid Profit Deck that has beaten Brian Hunter in Sanctioned Play!  Since that has never happened in the history of SW: CCG, I thought that I would post it.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Purple Cards (3)
You can either Profit by this . . .
Boonta Eve Podrace
I Did It!

Locations (5)
Palace: AC
Tatooine: Palace
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Arena
Tatooine: Outskirts

Peeps (18)
Ben Kenobi (2)
Lando w/ Colt 45 Malt Liquor (2)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight and friend of Captain Solo (2)
Massa Luke 
Qui-Gon Keen (2)
Leia w/ Blasta (2)
Han Solo 
Han w/ Pistol
Corran Horn
Chewbacca Protector
Mirax Terrik
Padme Naberrie (Like Strawberrie ;P)
3P0 in the Nude

Sticks (3)
My Stick 
Ben’s Stick 
Luke’s Stick

Podracer (1)
Anakin Skywalker’s Ford POS

Effects (9)
Goo Nee Gay
Da’ Camp
DODN&WA
Underworld Contacts
What Was It?
Ultimatum
Aim High
Bacta Tank
Honor of da Jedi

Interrupts (21)
Run Luke, Run! (2)
Gift of the Mentor (2)
A Step Backward (3)
Losing Track (2)
Jedi Escape
The Signal
OOC & TT
Double Agent
Podrace Prep
A Jedi’s Resilience
Too Close for Comfort
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
Weapon Levitation
Glancing Blow
Shocking Info & Grimtaash
You’ll Find I’m Full of Suprises



Strategy: 

Alright, So you a probably just gonna write this off as a Profit Deck by a mid-level SW player in a really Gay Region.  But this deck is beats.  I do know that this is Post-Tat Profit and it has been posted at least 322 times already but this deck is beats.  I threw is together after Tatooine and have been playing it in Tournies throughout June.  It has gone 17-3 in sanction play, those 3 losses going to John Arendt (2) and Brian Hunter.  This deck has also beaten Brian Hunter, and if you have ever read his TRs or Deck Reports he literally pisses on Profit, gives it no respect, and he HAD every right to.  So just kick back and take a look, this is not a Avatar Clone although it my look like it from the periphery.

The Start
--------------------------------------------------
Easy, Start the AC, Palace, Han Solo, and the Objective.  Show the Podracer and get it on, you should in most cases start with the Goo Nee Tay in play cause it is a good card.  But depending on what you are playing against you can use certain effects in the decks against certain decks.
--------------------------------------------------
Early Game
Alright, the Early game is easy.  If they gave you 2 Aliens, then build up and beat down.  This can be fast, or it can be painful for them.  Its all a matter of strategy either way you should be able to get your hands on the AC.  While you are begining you beat force, or building you hand, you are Racing like a sick bastard.  This is a sick sick sick racing deck.  this deck runs 9 6 destinies, and 10 5’s.  This is not a mistake, its is made to win the race.  I run 3 Step Backs, 2 Losing Track, and One Comfort.  I play in a gay DS racing enviroment so this is a must, and if your oppenent don’t race, then they are going to lose 6 force REAL early.  Once you win the race you play I did it and there will be no more Barrier.  This is very good for your beatdown.  So what happens if they give you no Aliens cause they are playing some Big Blue jank?  You spring Han ASAP and then Piss on your opponent with Gay DD and Stick Drains.  So what if you don’t get that force back, your gonna get back 10 from the Race, and you should win!  
--------------------------------------------------
Mid-Game
If you havn’t gotten Han out yet then you should be struggling but don’t let that bother you, this Deck can clear most AC’s that it has ever seen, mainly due to your Destinies.  With that kind of Power and the benefits from the Pod Races you won you can knock out any AC.  The Pod Race is kinda like cutting off your opponents foot, all you gotta do is push on them a lot and they will fall over like a potzer.  they will have a hard time bringing Redeployment forces due to your gay effects like the Camp and Goo Nee Gay.  Like when your opponent pays 8 for Xizor, 9 for Boba Fett, 10 for Lord Vader, its only a mtter of time before your opponent dies to that alone.  If they don’t contest you on Tatooine, then you should be spreading out and Draining like a madman, and making them lose to DD.  When I say spread out, I prefer to keep it to 3 sites, so you can hold Ultimatum since 9 times out of 10 if they don’t give you Aliens in the AC that means they are playing power Drains such as Deal, Garrison, and any kind of Space.  These Decks CANNOT handle the DD that Accumulated since Turn 2 along with the Podrace loss.  
--------------------------------------------------
Late Game
If you went to a late game that means that you are going to win cause you have a bigger deck than your oppenent, and you were playing smart and thinking about your plays.  There should be no Late Game for Profit, you should be sitting there while people are still playing killing your self over why you didn’t win by 34 EVERY game ; )
--------------------------------------------------
Cards I Play:
Double Agent: I play Spies and if they are a goon and Put mara in the AC then that is a dead Mara, and it is a 6 Destiny
You’ll Find I’m Full of Suprises: This Card is a Champ, Remove Vader from the game just @#$%ing rocks, and when you can Gay this on your opponent w/ Glance and Redraw Han it is all good.
Gift of the Mentor 2x: Grab those Sticks fast, they are pimp, aditionally they are ones which are Bad for Racing
A Step Backward:  A 5 and it is Important for a race, This is the ONLY way to deal with a Gay Huntdown Racer.
Underworld Contact: A 1/0 site that you can Signal for, and it is also key in converting sites that have already been converted by Mual’s Hutt and MKOS.
Ultimatum: Huge Against Power Drains and Numbers.  And if they Power Drain and Play Numbers then you should be able to spread out easy.
Aim High: Is the @#$% against TIE bull@#$%.
Terrik & 3PO: I’m a pretty descent tracker without these, but in the Early Game this will put all those 6’s that you draw back into deck and get you key cards like Mains and sticks.  In a sense they speed up the beatdown, and they also make it good ; )
All this Anti-Duelling Jank: My Region is like this, Huntdown is not dead, so I have to piss on their duels.  If this does not agree with your local meta, fine, change these out, but these are necsarry cards to go against the CO Huntown Racer Meta.
--------------------------------------------------
Matchups:
Garrison, ISB, SYCFA, and Normal Dark Deal: If I don’t talk about it like this I am goin to get redundant.  These decks avoid Tatooine cause they have their own agenda.  They think that they will piss on Profit by hitting them for 20 in one Control Phase.  Not a bad Idea, but Profit says other wise.  Basically Profit needs to flip from the get Go against these matchups, cause everytime these deck will START the Secret Plans.  So you should flip, Drain, do DD, Win the Race, Retreive, Spread out, play Ultimatum, then after you Piss onyour oppenet report your 20+ differential.  This is how I beat Brian Hunter in a sense.  He Played Garrison, and I played Profit and we both ignored each other.  Profit will win that due to the Speed of Profit.  You should also always try to look for Grimtaash and use it cause the card is a Champ against deck that need alot of cards to set up their Power Drain.  Grimtaash is everyone’s worst enemy.  Anytime you manipulate your oppenent they get miffed, and that is good for you.  In the Paper, Rocks, and Scissors game of Star Wars here Profit is the Rock, and these are the scissors.

Maul’s Hutt: This is the worst matchup against Profit because it is made ti kill Profit.  The 3 times I have lost with this deck in sactioned play, all 3 losses were to this deck type and also against 2100+ Rated players.  Not like they rolled over me with 23+ differential but it is a struggle for Profit since they will have 4 icons after it is all said and done.  Hence Underwold Contacts is key to get out and start reconverting.  The problem with Starting COntacts is that the Hutt runs heavy SAC so the Chances of a Mara Jade first turn Alter is a huge threat.  I start Anti-SAC in this matchup.  Now if the person you are playing is mediocre and not that good, the Cards in this deck can open up a path to victory.  LS mains are better than DS mains, ALWAYS remember that.  But if the cards don’t go your way, such as you can’t get your other locations, or you get Contacts and Goo Nee Gay, then the DS will win this Matchup.  Maul’s Hutt is Paper and Profit is still the Rock.

Huntdown Racers: GAY GAY GAY GAY.  I have put in cards to help me win, but it is still a matter of luck in this matchup.  What it somes down to is that you MUST win the Race!  If not, all is lost.  the Racer deck is paticularly deadly in the hands on a great player, but in a mediocre player you will have no problem with it.  This is a fairly even matchup if you take the race into consideration.        

MKOS: AUTO-WIN

Other Mains Deck not Metioned: Just play Smart, Battle, retreive, drain, and win.  Its as easy as 1-2-3, A-B-C?
--------------------------------------------------
Well if ya Ain’t convinced then @#$% you buddy!  You have to see it in action.  Profit is a mean mean deck, but in the paper rocks scissors world of SW:CCG it all depends on matchups at the momment.  It also don’t help if ut is a bad matchup againt a really good player.  I suggest that you throw it together and tech in your local meta.  You’ll see that it is one clean mean fighting machine.

Jason "Qui-Gon" Keen
-OUT 