---
layout: archive
author: ! Ed "eddiehectic" Rebman
title: ! "Agents of the Black Sun Beats"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-27
description: ! "Have fun capturing every LS character with a bunch of cool Bounty Hunters."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Agents of the Black Sun


Locations

Coruscant (start)

Coruscant Imp city (start)

Coruscant Imp Square

Coruscant DB

Cloud City DB

Tat DB

Tat Cantina

Rendilli


Characters

Xizor x2 (start)

Guri x2

Snoova x2

IGGY w/gun x2

The Emperor x2

4-Lom w/gun

Dengar w/gun

Boba w/gun x2

Jodo Kast

Vigo x2

Bane Malar

Bossk w/gun

U-3PO


Blue

Zuckuss in MH

Bossk in HT

Dengar in PO

Jabba&#8217;s space Cruiser


Effects

IAO (start)

Mob Points (start)

All wrapped up (start)

Bad Feeling Have I

Come Here You Big Coward

Were the bait

Presence of the Force x2

Search and Destroy

Security Precautions

Resistance 

First Strike

Secret Plans

Hell 2 Pay


Interrupts

Jabba&#8217;s through with you x2

Hidden Weapons x2

Point Man

Twi lek Advisor x2

Prepared Defenses (start)

Sniper

Look Sir, Droids

Masterful Move

Ghhhk

'

Strategy: '

whoops, add in a vibro axe.  It got lost in the translation from paper to text.


This is a ground battle deck.  Back up Xizor (Guri is nice) and get him to a battle ground.  Use your interrupts and weapons to capture all the LS characters.  Capturing Luke will probably win you the game.  If he is not on the table, you are getting huge attrition bonuses and you can capture people with all wrapped up.  After you have wiped out their ground forces, use direct damage and force drains to kill them.  Your objective makes tracking easy, and makes Bossk with gun good again.  If they are playing space, use resistance to limit their drains and use Search and Destroy and your objective to do damage.  Against HB, get out security precautions and find their base.  Watch out for fallen portal, and try to grab it.  Just beat him up on the ground.  '