---
layout: archive
author: ! Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: ! "Wait     that doesn’t    okay     whatever"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-24
description: ! "(Refer to Title)"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Locations(5)


Carida 

Death Star II Throne Room 

Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 

Death Star II Docking Bay 

Tatooine Docking Bay 97


Characters (21)


Emperor Palpatine 2

Darth Maul  x3

Lord Vader  

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  x3

Aurra Sing 

Sim Aloo 

Grand Admiral Thrawn 

Janus Greejatus 

Prince Xizor 

Grand Moff Tarkin 

Commander Igar 

Moff Jerjerrod 

IG-88 With Riot Gun

Mighty Jabba


Vehicles (1)


Tempest 1 


Starships (5)


Chimaera 

Dengar In Punishing One 

The Emperor’s Shield 

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 

Executor 


Interrupts (12)


Focused Attack  x3

I Have You Now 

Lightsaber Parry 

Sith Fury 

The Circle Is Now Complete  x2

Trample  

Vader’s Obsession  x2

Weapon Levitation  


Effects (9)


Crush The Rebellion 

Emperor’s Power 

First Strike 

Imperial Arrest Order 

Insignificant Rebellion 

Mobilization Points 

Quietly Observing 

You Cannot Hide Forever 

Your Destiny 


Weapons (5) 

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber x2 

Maul’s Lightsaber x2

Vader’s Lightsaber 


Epic Events (1)

Epic Duel 


Objective (1)

Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place 

'

Strategy: '

Strategy... hmm....


1. Pray

2. Start your basic old school setup of BHBM.

3. Hold Back Vader or put him on the Death Star II.

4. During your draw phases look for Epic Duel.

5. Meanwhile if you get a focused attack and stuff, duel with Maul.

6. When and if you get Epic Duel play it and hunt Luke with Mara and Ben with Vader and Qui-Gon with Maul. 

7. Pray some more and shake your finger at your opponent if he complains about. 

8. Kill stuff with shiny sticks and bounty hunters.

9. Annoy opponent by having Aura steal a lightsaber right before you duel.

10. Deploy ships and if their playing heavy space run like it’s the end of ”Return of the Jedi.”

11. Oh yeah, if you have time you might consider force draining or something like that.

12. Retrieve a little with First Strike.

13. Pray some more, this time on your knees and in tongues (Shriwok would also do).

14. Win battles and duels and stack on that one card you have... you know that one card... the one I can’t remember the name of... yeah that one.

15. By now one of three things has happened

     A. Your opponent ran away in fear off you being a bona fide psychopath.

     B. You win.

     C. You denounce God and finally realize Scientology is the only true religion... or something like that. 


Responses


You don’t capture luke that’s the point. Vader stays away unless you just want luke gone. Even if you don’t get to duel Vader’s Obsession is a great card for destiny alone. '