---
author: Greg "Booch" Buccini
title: Leia’s Getting Smarter... maybe
side: Light
date: 2001-01-16
description: Attempt 2 at a Jedi Test to 6 deck.  Getting better, maybe.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(6):
Mind What You Have Learned/Shaven Women Are Fun
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Battle Plan
The Way Of Things
Wise Advice

Jedi Tests(6):
All of ’em (duh)

Locations(6):
Kessel
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94

Characters(12):
Captain Han Solo
Corran Horn
Daughter Of Skywalker
Han w/ Gun
Lando w/ Slicer
Leia w/ Gun
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout (would be Jedi Knight if I had one)
Luke w/ Knife
Obi w/ Glow Rod
Orimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoda

Starships(2):
Home One
Millennium Falcon
Artoo In Red 5

Interrupts(14):
Don’t Get @#$%y
Gift Of The Mentor
It Could Be Worse x2
Lost In The Wilderness (Here Vader Vader Vader...)
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
On The Edge x2
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated
Punch It!
The Force Is Strong With This One
The Signal x2
Weapon Levitation

Effects(11):
Aim High
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Honor Of The Jedi
Order To Engage
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Reflection
Traffic Control
What’re You Trying To Push On Us?
Yoda’s Hope

Weapons(1):
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Device(1):
Bionic Hand 

Strategy: 

First Off, Thanks to everyone for the positive feedback on my original posting.  The deck is performing better, now if only I could play smarter.

I’ll address a few things:
Bog Clearing... I don’t own one, I can’t find one, so I’m not playing one... unfortunate, but that’s the way it is for me :-(
I find the deck functions well with just 4 Dagobah locations, as long as you recognize the order they should come out in.  Get them down in this order (placement wise).  Hut/Jungle/Training Area/Swamp, Test 1 is done on either the Hut or the Training Area (assuming that Jungle isn’t out) Test 2 should be placed on the Jungle, that way you can finish test 3 fast and deploy test 4 the next turn.

One thing that I’m slowly learning about this deck, is that once you have finished test 3 GO PICK A FIGHT.

I’m not sure what else to say, again if you have any advice, feel free to offer it, as this deck is still losing on a fairly regular basis, but I’m not playing it that well I think. 