---
layout: archive
author: ! Michael "Rieekan" Sanders
title: ! "Return Of The Jedi"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-28
description: ! "A TIGIH deck with huge power and drains."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)

There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him

Endor Landing Platform

Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut

Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout

Luke’s Lightsaber

I Feel The Conflict

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Staging Areas

Strike Planning

Your Insight Serves You Well


Locations(5)

Endor Rebel Landing Site

Endor Hidden Forest Trail

Endor Dense Forest

Endor Ewok Village

Endor Back Door


Characters(21)

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

General Solo

Chewbacca, of Kashyyyk

Daughter of Skywalker x2

General Crix Madine

Corran Horn

Corporal Beezer

Corporal Kensaric

Corporal Midge

Colonel Cracken

Sergeant Junkin

Sergeant Brooks Carlson

Lieutenant Blount

Geezum

Dash Rendar

Wedge Antilles, RSL

Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian

Keir Santage

Green Leader

Admiral Ackbar


Weapons/Devices(5)

Anakin’s Lightsaber

Chewbacca’s Bowcaster

Portable Scanner

X-wing Laser Cannon

A-wing Cannon


Starships(6)

Outrider

Red Squadron 1

Red Squadron 4

Red Squadron 7

Green Squadron 1

Home One


Interrupts(8)

Take The Initiative x2

Insertion Planning x2

Clash Of Sabers x2

Weapon Levitation

The Signal


Effects(4)

Insurrection

Squadron Assignments

Order To Engage

Honor Of The Jedi


Admiral’s Orders(2)

I’ll Take The Leader x2

'

Strategy: '

To start your game, use HFTMF to pull Staging Areas, Strike Planning, and Your Insight. On your first turn, drain for 1 at Chirpa’s Hut, move Luke over, pull your Generals, send Your Insight to Lost Pile and get HOTJ down. On your next turn, deploy Solo, Madine, and CoK to the landing platform to get your activation pumping. As the game progresses, use Madine to pull all your other scouts from Reserve and Geezum to pull out all of your Endor sites. Once your strike team of scouts is all setup, transit over to the opponent’s location and start battling him.


There are alot of cards to help you out here. Take The Initiative will add 6 to your battle destiny (remember that Horn’s a spy, so he can still use this card), Insertion Planning will cut the Dark Side’s battle destiny by 3, Wep Lev lets Leia to steel weapons, and Clash can exclude any high power characters from the fight. Beezer can pull Portable Scanner, which you can use to pull Chewie’s Bowcaster and to get out all of those starship weapons. The scouts/spies all help in battle. Beezer kills reacts, Kensaric slows down deployment for both aliens and Imps, Midge adds to your drains, Cracken makes it tough for spies and scouts to deploy, Brooks lets all your guys move for free with a landspeed of 2, Blount screws up ISB, Corran Horn gets a huge power boost against spies/bounty hunters and Junkin has generally good power.


Your air works in a similar manner. Use the Wedge/Hobbie combo to cancel the opponent’s battle destinies. The first pilot and ship to deploy on table should be RS7 with Keir. He’ll make your unique X-wings deploy -2. Hobbie in his X-wing will deploy free, and Wedge and his ship will deploy for a mere 2 Force. Everything else deploys as normal but hey you deploy 3 X-wings with pilots that can cancel a battle destiny for free by only using 4 Force. Once you get your ships down, play I’ll Take The Leader to get all of them immune to attrition atleast under 6 and will give you a huge advantage over the opponent’s BH ships and non-unique TIEs. Deploy your X-wing Cannons on RS4 since it can use 2 Force to make X=3. Green Leader in his ship with an A-Wing Cannon works wonders. +8 weapon destiny. Sure your total has to be twice his defense value, but we’re talking about +8, you’ll be able to hit almost anything. 


As for Effect choice? OTE hurts the opponent bad in decks like these, SA gets your ships out easier, and HOTJ takes care of anything annoying like the S & D, First Strike, etc. I switched the Bacta Tank for Insurrection cause I realized that I was losing 2 scouts everytime for attrition and was using quite a bit to cycle my guys from the Tank to my hand, so I put in an Insurrection to cut down the scout loss to 1 guy after each fight. Please, if anyone disagrees with me on that please tell me in the review. It’s a quick decision I made and I don’t know if it was critical or actually helped me out. 


Vs. BHBM Keep Vader at bay with Luke, RS and after you build up your ground on Endor, transit over to DSII and beat down his guys there. I know it sounds crazy, but it’s the best way to go. If you control the Throne Room you control the game. Try to hit his Emperor with any weapons so he can’t duel Luke and cause you to lose that annoying 3 Force (only 1 if HOTJ’s down). The dueling part isn’t always bad. I remember when I was playing against a friend and I had stacked 3 cards on I Feel simply from winning duels. Anyway, if he deploys to your location after you transit, Kensaric will slow down the deployment (I know it says while he’s at a battleground, but DoS adds an LS Force icon so his game text still works). 


Vs. MKOS Build up your ground at Endor and go over to Tatooine. March right into the Audience Chamber and start battling. Use Wep Lev to steal any weapons and Clash to exclude any high power aliens from the fight. With your mass attrition from the Take The Initiative and weapon hits, he should be losing over four guys the first time you fight him. Once you gain control of the AC, cancel Scum and Villainy and just start draining him there. This game should be a little easier, since you’ll be able to use Luke (start off JK instead of RS to get the extra power from his saber). You can turn the AC into a convenient spot. DoS adds a Force icon, and since you’re never gonna flip you get generation +2 so you can generate 4 and drain for 4 there cause of your sabers.


Vs. ISB Ops Build up at Endor and transit over to Coruscant. Use Blount to keep their objective flipped on the 0 side. Stay at the Imperial Square and start draining him there (that’ll be his most likely starting location). If he comes back and tries to eliminate Blount, kill off his ISB agents with your battle destinies and weapons. Dominate space with your fleet and beat off any ships he might be deploying to try and get some battle damage on you in the air. Don’t forget to make him lose Force when he deploys to your location cause almost every ISB agent is a spy and Cracken will make them lose Force for deploying. Kensaric will add to the deployment so he should have a very tough time deploying enough to eliminate you.


Vs. Hunt Down This deck is absolutely anti-duel. The Dark Side can’t duel captives and there’s no Obi in here making his dueling cards a waste of space. Go and beat him down and try to invade the Executor if you can. I wouldn’t advise leaving Blount alone at the Holotheatre draining for 2. I remember the last time I did that and then he got killed by a Mara and I ended up losing quite a bit of Force for battle damage. You might want to try and keep Vader off the table this game so that he can lose Force to Visage. Shouldn’t be too hard, considering that your battle destiny will be more than a Lord Vader can handle. Don’t worry about it though, Vader will come back so don’t think you’ll never be able to cross him once he’s gone. These decks will pack up to 5 of him so expect him to be on the table for the majority of the game.


Vs. TIEs Rather than playing Your Insight you might want to start off Squad Assignments to get your ships out easier. Deploy and attack as he’s setting up and you should be able to evenly gun him. Shoot out any of his TIEs that may have weapons and cancel his battle destinies with Wedge. With ITTL, all his ships will be power -2 giving you a huge edge in battle and almost a guaranteed stack up on I Feel. While you’re doing your thing in space, spread out and drain on Endor (this is why I have chosen not to include Wuta, he cancels Midge’s bonus). If he deploys any Undercover spies use Horn to chase them out and battle them to cause mass Force loss. A lone spy versus scouts isn’t the prettiest thing to see. Almost always he’ll play his own AO, which is why I’ve included 2 of my own. Play smart and you should win this game.


Well, that’s it for the strategy. Thanks for all the reviews.  '