---
layout: archive
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Madskills’ Huntdown Drain"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-05
description: ! "This deck tries to establish visage and combine that with drains to overwhelm the light side opponent."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Unknown Type

Carida 

Cloud City Downtown Plaza  

Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 

Cloud City Port Town District 

Executor Docking Bay 

Executor Holotheatre 

Executor Meditation Chamber 


Characters (19)

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 

Commander Igar 

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2

Dr. Evazan 

Emperor Palpatine  x2

Grand Admiral Thrawn 

Grand Moff Tarkin 

IG-88 With Riot Gun 

Janus Greejatus  x2

Lord Vader  x3

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  x2

Mosep 

Navy Trooper Fenson


Vehicles (2)

Blizzard 2 

Tempest 1 


Starships (4)

Boba Fett In Slave I 

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 

Chimaera 

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 


Interrupts (10)

Evader/Monnok

Force Lightning 

Prepared Defenses 

Sniper & Dark Strike  x2

Twi’lek Advisor 

Weapon Levitation x2

You Are Beaten x2


Effects (14)

Battle Order 

Crush The Rebellion 

Imperial Arrest Order 

Lateral Damage 

Mobilization Points 

No Escape 

Resistance 

Search And Destroy 

Secret Plans 

There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Visage Of The Emperor  x3

You Cannot Hide Forever 


Weapons (3)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 

Vader’s Lightsaber  x2


Unknown Type

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe 

'

Strategy: '

UPDATE


Hey gseiva your review makes a lot of sense.  This is exactly the reason I stopped posting stuff to the idiots on this site in the first place.


One-Arm.  I told you why I use Fenson, to subtract from On and Off the Edge.  You should do what G.W.Bush is doing and learn to read.



Hey everyone it’s been a while since I submitted a deck, but I thought I’d submit my latest Hunt Down deck.


Basically I made this deck because it can hold it’s own against anything the light side player can come up with and it has the power to beat mains.


You start most games the same, with the two docking bay effects and crush the rebellion.  If you are playing a quality player who starts your insight serves you well (meaning they will pull honor to screw you over) you start no escape instead.  Most people don’t remember that dark side is supposed to reveal their starting first, well you can take advantage of this.  


Now on to a few matchups


Mains


Set up visage and drains and make them come to you on cloud city, be careful battling them at docking bays because of the ever powerful fallen portal and use weapon levitation on your turn before you battle, because it is unique.  Play smart and your drains will overwhelm them.  Use navy trooper fenson to hurt their retrieval with on and off the edge.


WYS


If you suspect the variant with Palace Raiders pull the evader/monnok combo and time it well to hamper them.  Your drains and well timed battles in space will win you the game.


EBO


Outdrain them and use Mosep early to hurt them.  You wouldn’t believe how many times I’ve played against EBO and they never even set up.



I can’t think of any more matchups right now, if you want more explanations on cards or matchups let me know.


Madskills


'