---
author: Steve "BlackViper" Marshall
title: 60 Random Cards I Threw Together
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-30
description: CCT using Jabba’s Prize and a 10-card anti-Dash combo. I don’t like Dash.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (9)
Carbon Chamber Testing
Carbon Chamber
Carbonite Chamber Console
Security Tower
Jabba’s Prize
Prepared Defenses
All Wrapped Up
Power Of The Hutt
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement

CHARACTERS (15)
4LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Boelo
Djas Puhr
Dr. E & Ponda Baba
Ephant Mon
Guri
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Mara
Mighty Jabba x 2
Mosep
Prince Xizor
Snoova

EFFECTS (13)
Blast The Door Open (Blast Door Controls)
First Strike
Hutt Influence
I Had No Choice
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Scum And Villainy x 2
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x 3

INTERRUPTS (14)
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch
Ghhhk x 2
Hidden Weapons
Imperial Barrier
Limited Resources
Masterful Move x 2
None Shall Pass
Point Man
Projective Telepathy
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Twi’lek Advisor x 2

SPACE (4)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter x 2

WEAPONS (2)
Mara’s Saber
Vibro Ax

LOCATIONS (3)
Tat: DB
JP: Aud Chamber
CC: Docking Bay 

Strategy: 

This is a highly evolved S&V deck that has taken so many 20+ card changes you don’t even want to know. I was sick of losing to WYS, so I studied the best variations night and day with a few friends, found a couple potential weaknesses, and exploited the living hell out of them.

The idea is to escort Han to the Chamber with a droid. MAKE SURE YOU LET YOUR OPPONENT THAT YOUR DROID IS ESCORTING HAN! When you finally arrive at the Chamber to flip, remember that killing the escort doesn’t free Han. He can’t drop in front of lone 4LOM and say that Han is free since he controls - Han is escorted, so it doesn’t work. Check the escorting / freeing Frozen captives rules and know them inside out before trying this deck out.
Mighty Jabba is basically a power 6 Sith Master who can’t be targeted and has monster immunity, even if his game text is cancelled. Jabba is a GOD - abuse this.

You really should play this much like a Court Alien Mains against most decks. I built this to destroy WYS, so here’s the basic on how to do that:

Problem: With Dash and Captain Han in the sky and the constant threat of Legendary if I try to beat them up, he controls space easily.
Solution: With CCT, I get Han. No problem. Dash? Lat Damage his ship, I Had No Choice, and drop Zuckuss and 4-LOM in front of them to initiate. If he’s got a copilot (or any other destiny-adding smuggler for that matter), use 3 to exclude Dash so he doesn’t get the destiny or the immunity to your 2 destinies. Power 0 + no draw + destiny 0 even if he did to my power 4 + a pair of destinies takes Dash out of the picture, too. If he drops into the Bacta bath, Shut Him Up. No more space problems. I’ll explain the full out 10-card combo later. This also leaves no Imperial Commands to catch and screw me over.

Problem: I’m not activating enough.
Solution: Save a turn. You’ll retrieve the Force he makes you lose for waiting next turn anyway. If he’s got Beggar or whatever, you can drop, suicide run to retrieve and draw destiny, and Ghhhk away. Retrieve 3 (4 with Draw Their Fire) in exchange for losing 2, hitting a character, and knocking out another with attrition? Yeah, that’s worth it.

CATCHABLE (what priority to catch):
#1: Control & Tunnel Vision
#2: Harvest
#3: Wind Chimes

Remember that with Hutt Influence working, he can’t Bargaining Table your drains from the top of his deck. Jabba is a GOD - he won’t take the chamber from Boelo, Ephant Mon, and Jabba. Add 4LOM for added protection.

Against Pansy Raiders, save a turn and drop a few in front of both Palace Raiders, initiate in front of 1. If he reacts over, Ghhhk away and battle whatever scrubs got left behind on your other site. If he doesn’t react, beat the snot out of the Pansy Raider.

WYS has a limited choice of characters, and it feels the burn when those characters are all captured. Remember you can capture in space w/ capacity and bounty hunters on board! They will run out of ability eventually and not be able to do anything anymore. Have Jabba escort someone if you have the option - they won’t come back.

Limited Resources is a beating against WYS mid to late game.

Having 2 Master Moves and 2 Ghhhks with the built-in retrieval engine gives you an unlimited number of Ghhhks while not needing to worry about having a 1 in the deck or Grimtaash taking them both away. It’s really cool - you should try it sometime!

I’m still working on improving the deck, but for now, this continues to serve as my ’B’ deck whenever I don’t want to play Hunt Down anymore. It lasted through a 4 hour marathon game against a training deck, and I only lost because I lost a Ghhhk somewhere. I still have no idea where it went - I think he cheated and stole it. Anyway, after 4 hours he was down to 30 Force and I was at 25, but then Fett got the living hell beat out of him and I lost. This is a fun deck with a lot of potential. People aren’t playing Profit because of fear of this deck before you - this absolutely rapes Profit. Have fun with it, and as always i appreciate all reviews and advice.

-Steve 