---
author: chris "coolerchris2" trevethan
title: Ebo racing extreme
side: Light
date: 2001-06-24
description: old scholl ebo with a litlle pod racing
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
podrace prep
hoth:main power generatoors
ansb
hoth:north ridge
anis podracer
boonta eve podrace
tatoonie: podrace areana

Blue:
X-wing x10
rf 2 jap snowspedeer foil thinge
lando in flacon

Green:
quis saber
lukes saber
x-wing laser cannnx3

White:
obi wit saber x2
leia with gun
luke jedi knight x2
han with gun
qui gon
hobbie

admarials ordrs:
concantrate all fire

Effects:
ebo
ebg
reable flett x2
leangndeary star fighter
grabber
incom corporation

purple:
i did it

sites/planets:
hoth:med lab
hoth:war room
hoth:echo corridor
hoth
keffix 
yavin 4

Reds:
Rebel barrier
oct/tt
a step backward
Hayper excape
the single
h/oon x2
all wings rport in x2
organized attack x3




Strategy: 

out snow speeder and ebg and hobbie
in x wing another quigon and a nother incom corp.

well start  ebo and pod racing if you draw cards that you need for a pod race dysenty rember you can always put them back to your used pile. then get all the plants out. get the x wings set up and drain rember to get i did it in to hand. by this time you should have gotten podracing over with you most likley will win with anikens podracer and all the high dysentys(24). Rember that all the zeros are pullable which means you will probly have prettery good race dysinteys. I took out the docking bay because of in my area everone invades it so that is why i put in the med leb. after winning the podrace then retrive play i did it retrive then get all the x wings out as possible and play all wings report in then you can retrive one everturn with i did it. That helps you a lot. I basically took my really good ebo deck that was really the best deck for light that i ever made( am sorta of a begginer) and worked in some ebo. I never played this exzact deck aginest anybody yet so withe yur help with the cards and i go to my first tourny i will up date the stragty section. i also use the ad order because it is a six thtah is  good for racing and it helps my x wing laser cannons. if you could rate me fariley (like a sorta begginer) then i will return the favor thanks.  