---
layout: archive
author: ! chris "Putz" burnett
title: ! "This deal will kick your @$$"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-27
description: ! "battle, drain, layth the smackth down on your opponent"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
TDIGWATT/PIDATDAF
Secret Plans
All Wrarped UP
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Prepared Defences
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Combat Response

Locations (6)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City East Platform (docking bay)
Cloud City Down Town Plaza
Clous City West Gallery

Characters (22)
Darth Vader w/Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Merrejk
Lieutentant Commander Ardon
Navy Trooper Fenson
Baron Soontir Fel
DS-181-3
DS-181-4
OS-72-10
IG-88 w/Riot Gun
Bane Malar
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
Bossk w/Mortar Gun
Djas Phur
Dengar W/Blastr Carbine
Snoova
Arica
J’Quille

Weapons (1)
Vibro-Ax

Interuppts (5)
Human Shield x2
Never Yalnal x2
Always Thinking With Your Stumach

Effets
Presence of the Force x2
Dark Deal
Reactor Terminal
Forced Landing
We’re The Bait

Starships (12)
Obsidian 10
Obsidian 7
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-1 in obsidian 2
Saber 1
Saber 3
Saber 4
Devastator
Advenger
Vengence
Chimera
Executor '

Strategy: '

I start off Combat Responce for the saber squadron and obsidion 10. I  start off mob points to get my Executor and +2 activation at my docking which i pull with IAO and secret plans hurts retrival and all wrapped up cause i have alot of bounty hunters in the deck. I start off Cloud City Upper Walkway cause it is a 2/1 site that is a drain of -1 for the opponent.

FIRST TURN  before activation get the exicutor. go looking with your objective for CC the first thing then dark deal if cc is not in here and if that isn’t then pull bespin. DO NOT DEPLOY CC until you are ready to play dark deal. also Pull your docking bay if it is in there. save the force you have if you have einoth characters in your hand.

SECOND TURN  use your objective to pull one of the 2 things that should be left in your reserve deck. deploy any sites, characters, and/or bespin if you have it. wait to deploy the executor until you get piett or thawn.

Third turn look for the last thing with your objective. then repeat above for the rest of the game and when you get dark deal out and you are flipped you are set for the game


'