---
layout: archive
author: ! Scott "snoova69" Sichta
title: ! "Mega Mega  Profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-29
description: ! "Artoo and 3po take back the chamber with the Mega beatdown squad followed by much occupation and Revo power."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)

Profit/Die alien scum

Jabba’s palace

Jp audience chamber

Epp han

Insurrection

Battle Plan

Ounee Ta

Heading for the Med. Frigate


Locations(3)

tat db

home one db

tat cantina


Characters(17)

Master Luke x 4

Ben Kenobi x 3 

Han Solo

Epp Leia x 2

Lando w/ ax x 2 

Chewbacca protector

Melas

Artoo/ Threepio

Tawss Khaa

Corran Horn


Weapons/ Devices(5)

Luke’s Stick x 2

Ben’s Stick

Landing claw x 2


Ships(2)

Red Leader In Red One

Gold Leader In Gold One


Effects(6)

Revo x 3

Mantellian savrip

Goo Nee TAy

Seeking An Audience


Interrupts(19)

Clash of sabers x 2

Artoo I Have A Bad Feeling x 2

Captive Pursuit

Sorry about the Mess x 2

Weapon Lev

Choke

Fallen Portal

Someone who Loves You

Corellian Retort

Occ/TT x 2

Bith shuffle/Desperate reach

The Signal x 2

Gift of the Mentor x 2


'

Strategy: '

The deck plays different depending on the opening hand you recieve.  Usually a Master Luke and Ben are in the opening hand and if you are playing aganist an alien deck then with the help of the Battle Plan and A saber or Gift you can release him on the first turn.  It hard but it does happen some times.  reguardless always pull a db usually the home on docking bay first then the tat db.  Keep drawing untill you get a signal then signal for seeking an aud. to deploy artoo/ 3po to the chamber with all the Mains you have drawn.  using you interrupts you remove major problems on their side.  After Han is out move out to occupy for as much as four from the Objective.  Increase the damage by using your revos to revo the chamber and palace to make drains of three.  On to the Card specific Tech


Why Start Ounee Ta?  You don’t have to if you think they are not playing None shall Pass.  If they are then this stops them from bouncing all you guy back to your hand and stalling the beats another turn.  It also pull double duty aganist rops and isb.  


Why Landing Claws and Outdated ships?  Profit’s  focus is on the ground and has massive problems aganist TIEs.  All tie decks run at least one captial starship so it is all there just to help you win the drain race


Why Revos?  I Know that SYCFA cancels it but that is just one deck that I don’t see much in my area.  Revo gives you force and also makes you drains as big as three with a saber.  You revoing sites from Hunt down and Abs could give you a fast early jump on them.


Why Captive Pursuit?  A common must in new age Profit because of the Jabba’s Prize decks floating around.  You win a battle and Han is free and you retrive 10 force on top of that.


Choke?  Cancels E.mon to deploy in mass and kill him guarding the Vis of E.  Stop pesky Epp fett and snoova ect.


Retort? Pull the captive and is a Han Bounty hunter teamwork card.


All in all this deck is very good at beating you down on the ground and has a diffulct time aganist heavy space.  A quick flip with Han Solo in the Chamber to retieve 10 should win the game.  If Hunt down is big in your area Run Luke Run and courage should go in.  Other than that wait for your opponet to comitt and then destroy him. '