---
layout: archive
author: ! Silent "Silent Bob" Bob
title: ! "The Day is MINE"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-04
description: ! "Carbon Chamber Testing to deal with Watch Your Step"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starships (7)

       Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 

     2 Chimaera 

       Dengar In Punishing One 

       Dominator 

       Flagship Executor 

       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 


Characters (24)

     2 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 

       Admiral Chiraneau 

       Admiral Ozzel 

       Admiral Piett 

       Bib Fortuna 

       Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 

       Boelo 

       Captain Gilad Pellaeon 

       Colonel Davod Jon 

       Dengar With Blaster Carbine 

       Ephant Mon 

       Grand Admiral Thrawn 

     2 Guri 

       IG-88 With Riot Gun

       Jabba’s Prize 

       Jodo Kast 

     2 Lord Vader 

       Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 

       Mighty Jabba 

       Prince Xizor 

       Snoova 


Weapons (3)

       Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 

       Vader’s Lightsaber 

       Vibro-Ax 


Devices (1)

       Carbonite Chamber Console 


Effects (6)

       Crush The Rebellion 

       Mobilization Points 

       Power Of The Hutt 

       Secret Plans 

       Something Special Planned For Them 

       We’re In Attack Position Now - Admiral’s Order 


Interrupts (10)

       Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch 

       Evader & Monnok 

       Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us 

     2 Imperial Command 

       Omni Box & It’s Worse 

       Point Man 

       Prepared Defenses 

       Sniper & Dark Strike 

     2 Twi’lek Advisor 


Vehicles (1)

Jabba’s Sail Barge


Locations (7)

       Cloud City Carbonite Chamber 

       Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 

       Cloud City Security Tower 

       Rendili 

       Tatooine Docking Bay 94 

       Tatooine Jabba’s Palace 

       Jabba’s Sail Barge Passenger Deck


Objective

       Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration 

'

Strategy: '

***UPDATE***

Remove a Twi’lek Advisor to add a Security Precautions.  This is for the resurgence of HB decks.


Tatooine Jabba’s Palace is Jabba’s Palace AC

***UPDATE***


Start


CCT

Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

Carbonite Chamber Console

Cloud City Security Tower

Jabba’s Prize

Prepared Defenses

Crush The Rebellion

Mob Points

Power of the Hutt.


Turn 1 

Deploy 

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber

Rendili

Ephant Mon to the Security Tower using Power (Protect JP from Spy deployment/gamblers/thieves

Use Crush to pull Evader/Monnok


Turn 2

Deploy

Tatooine Docking Bay

(Mighty Jabba/Boelo *See tech below)


Turn 3

Deploy

Cloud City Docking Bay

(Barge *See tech)



TECH

There are many ways to get Han to the audience chamber.  Here are the best ways


1. Use Ig-88/4-Lom/Guri to move Han to the audience chamber.  Pros Can’t be battled unless Artoo/Threepio is out. Cons Can be targeted by Sorry about the mess. Dismantle on sight hurts droids.


2. Deploy Prince Xizor and Guri.  Use Xizor to move Han with protection from Guri.  Pros Xizor can’t be targeted by weapons (including Sorry about the mess).  Cons Waiting to get Xizor/Guri out.


3. Deploy Ephant to the tower first turn.  This protects from spies dropping down to get Han.  On your next turn, deploy Mighty Jabba and Boelo (audience/power).  Make sure you end the turn with them at the docking bay.  Next turn, deploy the barge to the Docking bay.  Have them all jump aboard the barge.  Move to cloud city docking bay.  Have them jump off the barge.  Move them over to the tower.  Have Jabba grab Han.  Make your way back on the next turns.

Pros Jabba can’t be hit by weapons.  Boelo Cancels destiny.  Ephant protects from spies and is a built in ghhhk.

Cons Slow, but reliable.  If any of these cards get activated on their deploy turn, there could be problems and slow the process down.  If they do get activated (hope they all do except for Ephant) just pick up.  Then deploy Jabba/Boelo combo to the tower.  If one, but not the other gets activated, you might have problems to slow you down.


I would try to use this step.  If there are more Tatooine sites beside yours, here is what to do.  Just deploy Mighty Jabba and Boelo to the AC and move them towards an exterior location (Keep them inside if playing against Speeders).  Wait a turn.  Next turn, deploy the barge to the nearest exterior location.  Have Jabba and boelo get aboard.  move them to the DB.  If Jabba and boelo haven’t moved, use the DB gametext to move to CC.  Then next turn, just move into the tower.


Keys to remember


*You might want to have more characters to back up boelo and Jabba.


*Any smoe can deploy to the Passenger Deck to make the barge immune to alter, not just aliens.  If the Barge isn’t immune to alter, don’t leave any characters on the barge.  If a destiny or two does get by Boelo and Jabba, use the barge as fodder.  That way you won’t lose your characters aboard.


*Mob Points helps to get out Rendili.  Don’t worry about sticking some smoe at a DB to increase activation.  You will be fine.  The activation can come at a later point in the game.


*If you have enough force/characters, support not only Jabba, but Ephant.


*Don’t leave Han in the AC without someone there to stop the opponent from getting him out


*Han is removed from the game for Watch you step.  No supper Falcon.


*Evader/Monnok is there to keep a control on the opponent’s hand size.


*Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch protects from UC spies when you drain. It also returns a card of the opponent’s to the used pile to keep control of his hand size.


*Secret plans and Something Special Planned for them is for all those stupid retrieval cards.


*Clash protects you from multiple destinies.  As does Jodo.


*Super Chimaera protects you in space.


”Oh, I’ll Play your game you rogue.”

”I’ll Take Swords for 200.”    '