---
author: Alex "-AvataR-" Klammrodt
title: Invincible Profit
side: Light
date: 2001-01-21
description: Deck of my own design, it’s fast and deadly in any situation.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start: 5
1 x Profit
1 x AC
1 x Jabba’s Palace
1 x The Signal
1 x Goo Nee Tay

Locations: 6
1 x Mos Eisley
1 x Cantina
1 x Antechamber
1 x Obi-Wan’s Hut
1 x Yoda’s Hut
1 x Rendezvous Point

Characters: 17
3 x Master Luke
1 x Luke, Rebel Scout
2 x Ben Kenobi
2 x EPP Han
2 x EPP Leia
2 x Lando w/ Axe
2 x Chewie Protector
1 x Harc Seff
1 x Taws Khaa
1 x Corran Horn

Interrupts: 26
2 x Dodge
2 x Run Luke, Run!
1 x Slight Weapons Malfunction
2 x Weapon Levitation
1 x Someone Who Loves You
3 x Sense/Recoil In Fear
2 x Alter/Friendly Fire
2 x Tunnel Vision
2 x Force Is Strong With This One
2 x Narrow Escape
2 x Rebel Barrier
2 x Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
2 x Sorry About The Mess
1 x Gift Of The Mentor

Effects: 3
1 x Draw Their Fire
2 x Frozen Assets

Weapons & Devices: 3
1 x Obi-Wan’s Journal
2 x Luke’s Lightsaber
1 x Obi-Wan’s LS 

Strategy: 

UPDATE #2: You guys are impossible to please! Yeah, IF I play against a super SPACE heavy ISB, i’ll have problems. Yeah, IF I play against a variant TIE deck, I might have problems. GEE, I GUESS THIS DECK MUST SUCK! Look people, you can’t prepare for EVERYTHING. Yeah, it WILL have problems against ISB, and I can’t guarantee it will win, but not everyone plays ISB. As a matter of fact, most people DON’T. So lay off the fact that it doesn’t have space. I KNOW THAT! What’s important is that it’s a hyperdrain deck, and it can hold and keep the ground against any deck that uses some ground. I could win WORLDS with this deck, and you’d still call it crap. I sometimes wonder why I bother posting my decks.....



Update #1: Ominous Rumours? Are you kidding? That card will almost never see play again just because Menace Fades exists. I doubt I’ll ever see Endor Ops played again for a matter of fact. But yeah, I’m weak against it. :)


This is the antidote for Invincible Court as well as a host of other decks. This deck has power, speed and has a variety of suprises.

I’m not much into writing long strategies, but I’ll give the basics.

Vs. Hunt Down: If he’s playing Epic Duel, make sure to get the RLR’s and his life will be difficult. GooNeeTay hurts a lot. The only counter to Visage is Horn, but Luke or Ben should always be out anyways. HD isn’t really competition anymore for Profit.

Vs. SYCFA: Free Han fast, do damage fast. His drains will set up only slowly, and most versions of SYCFA are space oriented. If he goes in space, it’s a drain war, but you can spread quickly and not be vulnerable to beatdown. Use characters sparsely and keep a reserve for anything that might come down. Ground decks are even better. GNT hurts and quick drains will do him in.

Vs. Court: More difficult, but the SAC will be very usefull. Alter Scum asap. He’s not activating much, and GNT will still hurt his non-bounty hunters. Frozen Assets will be invaluable against this deck. Your characters are better, while your interrupts are only battle oriented.

Vs. BHBM: That’s what Scout Luke is there 4. But use infini-Luke as often as u can before u give him up. Those 2 BiffShuffles/Desperate Reach will give you a lot of leverage.

Vs. Jabba’s Prize: This still isn’t a problem, and carbon freezing decks should be treated exactly as COTVG.

Vs. Agents of Black Sun: What’s the point of that objective again?

Vs. ISB: I’ve never played vs ISB w/profit, but i’d imagine it would be the closest of all. It would be a drain war, but he’ll have to watch for beatdowns, while I won’t.

This is 1 of 2 decks I’m considering for RamapoCon3, and if enough of you that want to see the 2nd, I’ll post it as well.

-Avatar-    