---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Drake" Erwin
title: ! "Hunt down rulz aka i need deck tech points"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-25
description: ! "Its your classic HD beat down deck that goes around force restrictions."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)


Hunt Down obj.

Holotheatre

Med. Chamber

Visage

Prepared Def.

Mob points

IAO/secret plans

No escape


Characters(16)


3xLord Vader

2xGuri

2xDarth Maul SA

1xDarth Maul

1xIG-88

1xRune Haako

1xPrince Xizor

1xThrawn

1xAdmiral Chiraneau

1xEmperor Palpatine

1xJanus G.

1xDr. E and Ponda Baba


Sites(5)


1xImp holotable

1xFlagship Bridge

1xRendli

1xDeath Star Dockin Bay

1xExecutor Dockin Bay


Weapons(4)


2xVaders saber

2xmaul Saber


Effects(4)


1xCrush the rebellion

1xhook

1xfirst strike

1xPhantom Menace


Interupts(20)


1xOmni/its worse

1xSniper Dark Strike

1xMasterful

1xMasterful/Endor Occ

1xMaul Strikes

1xPut all Sections

2xWeapon Levatation

2xTheyre Still coming through

2xImp Barrier

2xAccelerate our plans

1xoperational as planned

1ximp command

1xevader

1xI have you now

1xCounter Assault

1xyou are beaten


Ships(3)


1xZuckas

1xMauls ship

1xExecutor









'

Strategy: '

 
Changes

Thanks for the suggestions first of all.  Change evader for the evader/monnok.  Start crush, and put in p-60 for rune.

If you want to... Add in an additional Maul Strikes for imp command, and p59 for Admiral C.  







Hey... Im kinda new at this Decktech thing so bear with me.  Ok this is your classic pre Dont do that again Hunt down beat down that im sure most of you played.  This deck has plenty of beat down believe it or not. Lets see.....These are the most common decks that I play against, and the strategy to use this deck to fight them.


WYS


This deck is huge all around.  WYS combined with Dont do that again(in my opinion at least) were the things that killed HD for good.  With the easy flip of WYS, and Dont do that again’s Mob pts Restrictions huntdown is slowed immensely. First, get executor and thrawn, and Guri out as fast as you can. From my experience, that combination just kills WYS space.  Seems like a daunting task? Heres the thing.  The holotable, and Bridge are there for force, and can be pulled by the two interrupts (Masterful move, and Accelerate our plans).  The obvious stuff like Zuckas, and Maul Ship are also great tools to stall wys space.  Like I mentioned before Maul, and his ship are amazing. Maul restricts presense, and can cloak it things get dicey.  Did I forget to mention about force activation you can pull DB,get emperor, or just gladly take force from wys start, and Kessel.


Shmi Hut mains


This deck is rather tough sometimes because it has huge drawin power, and gives you less force and can utilize dont do that again.  Shmi mains the way ive seen it really stresses the Jedis especially Luke and Qui gon.  Get out advantage, and direct damage you to death. Get out the holo table, and bridge for extra activation.  Visage is not a big factor.  Get down your dbs rendli whatever.  Just plain beat him on the ground. Lord and the new maul reek havic with these high destiny draws, crush, and destiny adders.  Luke or qui gon shouldnt be a big problem.  Afraid of cheese?  Cheese such as barrier clash smoke screen or fallen portal.  Well Crush works wonders to rid of clash, and theyre still coming through is just huge because of its recyclibility, and because it cancels barrier, and Fallen Portal.  Dominating ground should be easy with your barriers, you are beaten, put all sections, and huge destinies. Revo? Just evader it.



In conclusion, I know this is very brief, but I really wanted feedback, and suggestions.  So PLEASE give the suggestions, they are very appreciated.  I know there are LS that could destroy this deck. So suggestions would be very good to better my deck against these.


Thanks for readin

Drake   '