---
author: Silent "Silent Bob" Bob
title: Welcome to the Jungle
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-26
description: We Got Fun and Games.

This Deal is getting Worse with a twist.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starships (8)
       Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
       Dengar In Punishing One 
     4 Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser 
       Executor 
       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Characters (17)
       4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
       Admiral Chiraneau 
       Admiral Piett 
       Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
       Commander Merrejk 
     3 Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
       Grand Admiral Thrawn 
       Grand Moff Tarkin 
       Guri 
       IG-88 With Riot Gun 
       Janus Greejatus 
       Jodo Kast 
       Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
       Mighty Jabba 
       Prince Xizor 

Weapons (1)
       Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 

Effects (11)
       Blast Door Controls 
       We’re In Attack Position Now - AO
       Crush The Rebellion 
       Imperial Arrest Order 
       Lateral Damage 
       Mobilization Points 
       Oppressive Enforcement 
       Return To Base 
       Secret Plans 
       Security Precautions 
       Weather Vane 

Interrupts (15)
       Evader 
       I Have You Now 
     2 Imperial Command 
       Omni Box & It’s Worse 
       Point Man 
       Prepared Defenses 
     2 Shattered Hope 
       Shocking Revelation 
     2 Sniper & Dark Strike 
     3 Twi’lek Advisor 

Locations (7):
       Bespin 
       Cloud City: Chasm Walkway 
       Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay) 
       Cloud City: Lower Corridor 
       Endor 
       Kashyyyk 
       Sullust 

Objective:
       This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further 


Strategy: 

Start

This Deal is getting Worse
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
IAO
MP
Weather Vane

First, Take the Executor into hand from reserve deck using MP.

During Your Control Phase, search for a Shocking Revelation.

During Your Deploy Phase, deploy Bespin and Cloud City: East Platform from reserve deck using the Objective and IAO.

The idea of this deck is to drain in space and get rid of the opponent’s main characters on the ground.  That is the purpose for the Weather Vane.  Use Vader with Lightsaber, Mara Jade and her lightsaber, and the ability 4 and higher characters with Shattered Hope to get rid of characters.  Remember that characters on the Weather vane can’t be redeployed.

Use Imperial Command to get out Piett first.  Use Piett to get out Commander Merrejk.  Use CM to get out a system.  Go for a 2/2 system like Sullust first.

The Executor is the only Star Destroyer, but it is the best one of all the SD in the game.  Put Thrawn on there.  You still get Thrawn’s extra destiny.

Use Admrial Chiraneau to increase your drains at systems.

Dreads are cheaper and have a better destiny.  Use Return to Base to save the ships if you lose them.

Dengar in PO is the best ship ever.  Superfalcon no longer has immunity to Attrition.

Evader saves Vader with Stick.

Lower Corrider gives a power +2 bonus to my characters with lightsabers and is a forcedrain of -1 for the opponent.  They can only drain there for 1 if they have a lightsaber present.

Give this a try. 