---
layout: archive
author: ! Brandon "Sundevil" Allen
title: ! "Symphony"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-02
description: ! "Final Version of this deck.  High drains, and strong power.  NO S & V, but Vader is key."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective 

1 My Kind of Scum/Fearless and Inventive 


Locations 

1 Jabbas Palace (s) 

1 JP Audience Chamber 

1 JP Lower Paasages 

1 SBPassenger Deck 


Characters 

3 DLOTS 

1 Vader w/saber 

1 Lord Vader 

2 Gailid 

1 4-Lom w/gun 

1 IG-88 w/gun 

1 Merc Pilot 

2 Tarkin 

2 Mara 

4 Myo (rep) 

2 Abyssin 

1 Boelo 

2 Mighty Jabba 

2 Bib Fortuna 

1 Ephant Mon 


Starships 

1 Zuckuss in Boat 

1 Bossk in Boat 

1 Dengar in Boat 

1 Boba in Boat 


Vehicles 

1 Jabbas Sail Barge 


Effects 

1 Crush the Rebellion 

1 Search and Destroy 

1 First Strike 

1 Secret Plans 

1 Hutt Influence 

1 Power of the Hutt 

1 TINT/Opressive 

2 Therell be Hell To Pay 

1 Disarmed 


Interrupts 

2 I Have You Now 

2 Imp. Barrier 

1 You Are Beaten 

1 Weapon Levitation 

2 The Circle is Now Complete 

1 Monnok/Evader 

1 Masterful Move 

1 Ghhhk


Weapons 

2 Vaders Saber 

1 Maras Saber 

'

Strategy: '

The idea is to drain at you&#8217;re JP sites. If they come in, or start to drain elsewhere you have enough power with vader and friends to take them down. 


Vs. Profit 

Start Jabba and Mara, PULL Boelo, then Myo, and you&#8217;ll be adding a destiny and canceling one. 


Vs. HB 

Set-up fast. It&#8217;s all about the early damage. Drain as fast as possible. And battle with your ships as much as possible. Remeber with Hutt Influence they can&#8217;t cancel your drains. 


Vs. Agents/Speeders 

Again, stay inside, and if you need to go outsside, deploy in mass, to avoid a next turn asp droid beatdown. 


Vs. Hidden Mains 

Grab their interrupts ASAP. Stay inside with your aliens, and send out cader to circle Obi and I have You Now Luke. You&#8217;re +2 battle Destiny will wreck them. 


Vs. WYS 

Stay Inside Only pop out for beatdowns, Get Vader to the cantina. Without the Patrol Crafts he&#8217;s safe, reemeber to use Myo to cancel drains, and don&#8217;t be afriad to have MYo die. He regenerates, you deploy the one under the obj from when you canceled a Battle Destiny, and you have you&#8217;re rep back, if need be. 


Any questions or comments d-mail me. 



'