---
layout: archive
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "The Best Kind of Scum"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-04
description: ! "Here is my first Court deck.  Please, contructive criticism.  Thanks."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)


Court of the Vile Gangster/Luke is good tasting

Great Pit of Carkoon

Audience Chamber

Dungeon

Prepared Defenses

No Bargain

You Cannot Hide Forever

All Wrapped Up


Locations (4)


Lars’ Moisture Farm

Cantina

Jundland Wastes

Rancor Pit


Starships (5)


Stinger

Virago

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Dengar in Punishing One

Bossk in Hound’s Tooth


Characters (14)


Bib Fortuna

Boelo

Ephant Mon

Dengar w/ Carbine

Boba w/ Rifle

IG-88 w/ Rifle

4-LOM w/ Rifle

Guri

Prince Xizor

Jodo Kast

Djas Puhr

Dr Evazan + Ponda Baba

Bane Malar

Snoova


Weapons (1)


Vibro-Ax


Creatures (1)


Rancor


Interrupts (18)


Hidden Weapons x2

None Shall Pass x2

Trap Door x2

Elis Helrot x2

Imperial Barrier x2

Imbalance

Ommni Box + It’s Worse

Defensive Fire + Hutt Smootch

Oh, Switch Off

Jabba’s Through With You

Twi’Lek Advisor x2

Double Back


Effects (8)


Search And Destroy

First Strike

Scum And Villany x2

Secret Plans

Hutt Bounty

Expand The Empire

Blast Door Controls '

Strategy: '

***NOTE  I don’t like Power of the Hutt.  I don’t have it, but I don’t think it would be very useful in my deck anyway.  I don’t think Jabba is that useful in here either.  Mighty Jabba and Power of the Hutt are restricted in Tourney play anyways.  Also, I don’t have Mara Jade... anyone wanna trade me one?***


***edit - MAKE SURE you deploy Dungeon in front of Audience Chamber so you can retrieve 2 force first***



Here is my first Court deck.  I’ve played it a few times and revised it a few times.  Start with those cards above, and if it’s obvious he’s not playing numbers, go ahead and look for Search and Destroy -do this BEFORE activating- (if he’s playing a mains beatdown deck, you might want to keep YCHF in there to use IG-88’s riot gun or Boba’s Rifle, as his Jedi are defense -1).


If s/he’s playing a space deck, they most likely won’t have much activation for the first turn or 2, so send Zuckuss in Mist Hunter up to a planet.  Every turn, continue to send up ships to that same planet that you may think he might need.  Usually, I send them in this order (unless they’re in my Force pile)  Zuckuss, Bossk, Dengar, Virago/Stinger (depends on hand).  You can survive the 1 force loss per turn if you don’t have enough force to get characters to Tatooine.  Deploy sites as you get them for activation/drain potential.  If your opponent deploys any amount of characters to a site, you most likely will be able to go down and capture 1 or 2 of them, then eat them.  Don’t be too worried about losing a character here and there Scum and Villany + First Strike are very useful, as you usually retrieve them.  This is why I don’t have more characters in here.  The rest in mostly your normal Court strategy, like using None Shall Pass, etc.


Some card explanations


Search and Destroy  Lure them down to Tatooine so they don’t lose a force EVERY turn.


Imbalance  Thanks to Eric Bailey’s ”Shoebox Cards That Are Actually Good” article, I realized this is one of the best cards in the game.  How many decks retrieve Force?  Let’s see... all of them?


Secret Plans  Even better when combined with Imbalance.  Makes retrieval almost not worth it.


Hutt Bounty  How many Watch Your Step decks are out there?  Tons.  I even play one.  Capture their smugglers (who are forfeit +2 from the objective, and if it’s Wedge Antilles, +4) and reap in the benefits.  Especially if it’s Wedge or Han.


Blast Door Controls  Cancels Narrow Escape, which is sometimes used to get out of bounty hunter’s grasps.  But more useful, it cancels Rebel Barrier.  Die, lone Ralltir Freighter Captain  Also cancels Blast The Door Kid  which is also sometimes used.


Ability, Ability, Ability  As from what I’ve seen, most light decks don’t play tons of ability cards (except X-Wing swarm EBO decks).  Usually, I have lots of my hunters out.  Plus, it’s an incentive for them to come and try to fight.


Expand the Empire  Deploy on Audience Chamber or a Force Drain +1 location.  Easy way to get aliens or drain for tons (unless they have Menace Fades or Test 1).


Oh, Switch Off  Guri, IG-88, and 4-LOM are 3 of your best characters.  They won’t die easily.


Defensive Fire + Hutt Smootch  Easy trackable 2 (for Hidden Weapons) or to capture (then eat) pesky Cracken/Boussh/Blount or whatever else they play.


Ommni Box + It’s Worse  Lots of decks play It Could Be Worse, so make them pay.  Or track your 5 destiny and mess up their tracking.


Double Back  A ”just in case” card.



I realize my Hidden Weapons will either do nothing or hit them.  I tried to edit it to help this out a little, but I can’t really find the right cards.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.  If they’re camping in an interior site on another planet and have Insurrection out, it might be hard, but usually they have their docking bay out.  Or you can find room for Cloud City Docking Bay and a Spaceport Docking Bay just in case.  I never found it a problem though.   '