---
author: joe "brangus" horbey
title: Horbey’s TIGIH
side: Light
date: 2001-01-14
description:  This deck sets up a consistant drain of 2 or 3 in space which will hit your opponent the entire game; while you retrieve block his offense.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him

Starships (3)
Millennium Falcon x2
Spiral

Locations (7)
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Home One: Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Kessel
Kiffex
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (12)
BoShek
Captain Han Solo x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Lieutenant Blount
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x3
R2-D2 (Artoo-Detoo)

Weapons (1)
Luke’s Lightsaber

Effects (18)
Anger, Fear, Aggression x4
Battle Plan
Honor Of The Jedi
I Feel The Conflict
Insurrection (start)
Legendary Starfighter
Order To Engage
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Squadron Assignments (start)
Traffic Control
Undercover x2
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?
Wise Advice/Do or Do Not (start)

Interrupts (18)
A Few Maneuvers
Effective Repairs
Fallen Portal
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Hyper Escape
I Know
It Could Be Worse
On The Edge x2
Out Of Nowhere
Punch It! x2
Rebel Barrier
Transmis 

Strategy: 

==Part of my deck got cut off, the rest should look like this:
Transmission Terminated x2
The Signal
Tunnel Vision==

Update 1 - Should I play Lando’s Super Falcon, or Hans Super Falcon with the release of Jabba’s Prize?


	After the release of Reflections 2, TIGIH got a huge boost with Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout. He single handedly makes this objective playable again. You can get around S+D with him, as well as make cards like Always Thinking With Your Stomach useless. People have stopped playing Sarkli for the most part, and BHBM is still popular, so this deck was an ideal choice for me.

Early Game :

	In the first couple of turns, get Luke out to the battle ground docking bay to put some early pressure on the opponent. If he sends a scrub to capture luke, then you are still causing him a 2 force loss. If he sends Vader early on; kill him with obi as your destines are quite high.

Mid Game :

	Try to establish a presence at kessel or kiffex. If your opponent chooses to attack you, by all means, let him. You have high destiny, as well as destiny adders. That consistant drain of 3 is going to start taking its toll after about 2 or 3 turns. Win some battles with Obi, and block his biggest drains with your Undercover Spies. Hit him with Anger, Fear, Aggression.

Late Game :

	You should have some destiny tracked at this point, so start looping your On The Edges and retrieve your AFAs. If you manage to win enough battles with Obi, then you can duel your opponent. Your opponent will often send suicide ships at kessel or kiffex to delay the drain a turn longer, which stacks even more cards on Insignificant Rebellion. At this point you can probably insert AFA any time you need to with the On The Edge looped. Your drain of 3 and AFAs will do him in, and if not that, then your dueling.

Deck Specifics:

VS. Bring Him Before Me

You are at an advantage in this game because your opponent will be forced with the decision as to remove the Emperor and Vader from the active game, or lose 2 force every turn. In most cases, he will capture Luke with vader, and be forces to go to the D*2 Throne Room because of Rebel Scout Luke. If someone else picks up luke, then kill that person with Obi and move Luke to Vaders site. Your opponent will be faced with another decision in space. Should he deploy to Rendlii to set up a drain, or wait to see if you have a kessel. I usually wait a few turns on this to see if he will deploy to rendlli; in most cases they do, and dark side ships dont have the hyperspeed to make it too kessel. BHBM doesnt sport too many sites, so your spies should be able to cover the ground. AFA is going to hurt him pretty bad, as you will be choosing the battles you fight in. Retrieve later on with On The Edge to get a large differential.

VS. Hunt Down

This game is a little harder than BHBM, but it is still not that tough IMO. Most Hunt Down decks have only 2 BG sites, and you will be able to cover these sites with Undercover Spies. You will be hitting him consistantly at Kessel and with AFA. You will also be retrieving and he wont. Cancelling the visage is no problem with 2 TT and 2 Spies. If he is playing dueling, then let vader have his site and cover it with a spy.

VS. Court

I really dislike playing against court with this deck, as court sets up fairly quickly. The advantage that your are going to have in this game is that Luke will drain at the docking bay for a while, unless your opponent attempts to kill him, or he gets ballsy and captures him with Mara. I usually send Luke to tatooine via Spaceport: Docking Bay and wreak some havoc with him. By moving luke to tatooine, you also get around the Court direct damage. Obi should be used on suicide missions to kill Gallid. Taking gallid out of this matchup is key, even if you have to lose 6-7 force when you do it; it will make up in the long run since you can retrieve it. Your Kessel/Kiffex drain is going to stick, no bounty hunter ships can take down the Super Falcon with destiny adders.

VS. MKOS

This game basically runs the same as court.

VS. TIEs

It is a proven fact that TIEs cant stand up to the Falcon and Order To Engage. I dont care how much power they have; you will be getting 3-7 destiny draws on average. Grab his All Power To Weapons and you win the game. AFA will take its toll as he will most likely stay away from the falcon. Luke will drain on the ground for 2. This game is fairly easy.

Overview:

	This isnt the type of deck a new player can just pick up and expect to do well with like BHBM or HB. You have to know when to deploy, and what characters to attack with Obi, and be able to compare the amount of battle damage you might take, to the amount of damage you will take in the long run. Its a solid deck that gives any deck a run for its money.   