---
layout: archive
author: ! nate "number 1" meeker
title: ! "MY EBO that doesnt suck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-13
description: ! "ill have no more of this crap that people tend to call ebo these days"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'starting6

north ridge

generators

heading ftmf

squd assign.

strike planning

insurrection


locations9

tat. doc. bay

hoth doc. bay

alderaan x2

hoth war room

med lab

tatooine

hoth

endor


characters17

ben kenobi x2

death star luke x2

corran horn

han w/ gat

leia w/ gat

gen. crix m.

col. cracken

lieut. blount

tycho celchu

dash rendar

gen. calrissian

nien nunb

hobbie

adm. ackbar

wedge antilles rsl


weapons 2

lukes stick

obis stick


blue6

home one

outrider

gold squad 1

red squad 1

green squad 3

red squad 4


admirals order1

ill take the leader


effects10

a new secret base

haven

scrambled transmission

ebo

bacta tank

goo nee tay

menace fades

our most desparate hour x3


interrupts9

shocking info/ grimtassh

out of commission/ trans terr x2

out of nowhere x2

the signal x4


'

Strategy: '

simple retrieveal & big drains

**0ne possible change, if you see alot of bring hfm pack one new luke instead of death star luke


1.get out a new s.base

2. get crix and the two scouts he can bust out to get ebo going

3. get mains at tat. doc. bay and start draining away.

4. get all systems out, you are only giving up 4 force. drain there

5.retrie if you need to, get out scrambled transmission to keep them honest with thier hand size.

6. run from big fleets of ships and drain him dead.

7. win game.


vs. isb go after him with mains on ground run from executer but take out the rest of his ships, drain in space drain at the docing bays. easy win


vs hunt down easy win.. stay away from vader drain him dead, cancel visage EARLY.


vs bring hbm easiest win, give him luke, drain in space to take him out and retrive. you have very good destiny and wont lose often in deuls.


vs. court easy win, he wont activate any force so get a beat down squad on tat. early and drain him to death, if he is feeding, stay away fom bounty hunters.


vs aliens easy win take out his crappy aliens at the chamber early and he wont have a chance, drain away in space.


vs ties this is the hardest win, you must dictate the battles and only battle on your turf, go to millwalkie and make his ties deploy high, keep out ill take the leader, drain at docking bay and fourth marker, will be a timed win, keep his hand size down and he will have trouble.


vs. that thing operational easy win just stay away and drain, if you feel sassy, go make a run with lando who will most likly blow that son of a bitc* up.


you should have fun with this deck and win a lot of games

oh yeah, you are probley going to say something about the number of ships in this deck, WELL DONT, because you dont need any more. you play reactive and smart, meaning you dictate the battles and you will win the game, no doubt and when you do lose a ship it is not hard to retrive it. 

Thanks for reading this deck now go out and kick some ass '