---
author: Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: Agents & Speeders
side: Light
date: 2001-02-26
description: This deck kills them with speeders, sandwhirls, and mains.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
AITC
Hutt Trade
Jabba’s Palace
Ounee Ta 
The Signal

Rep: Kalit

Locations:
Tat: Jundland Wastes
Tat: Jawa Camp
Tat: Desert
Farm 
Desert x2

Characters:
Jedi Luke
DOS
EPP Han
Ben Kenobi
ECC Lando
Chewie Protector
Orrimaarko
Kalit x2
Jawa x4
Kitonak x4

Vehicles:
Sandspeeder x10
Snowspeeder x4

Weapons:
Luke’s Stick
Ani’s Stick

Effects:
Maneuvering Flaps
Sandwhirl x5
OTE
Hiding in the Garabage
Underworld Contacts

Interrupts:
The Signal x4
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes



Strategy: 

To Tha Man: Sandwhirls are a very important part of this deck because they can’t attack you on tatooine. The speeders are immune to it and so are the jawas and kitonaks. This helps me drain automatically for at least a steady 2 each game. 
To Voice of Law: O ya ounee ta says only opponents sites. But it still kicks @$$. And how would scum beat me???? Their aliens will be missing if they try to attack me on my sandwhirl sites, so the retrieval of two won’t help much. I wouldn’t go inside, so it wouldn’t do anything.
To YOYOY: I made this deck to beat Court and MKOS because they are the most popular decks in my area (about 80% of the people here play them) and I’ve played against one of the best player in the region’s court deck and I think I have figured out the best way to beat them. In my area, no one really uses Gailid to drain, and they don’t usually have many sites to drain. I admit I would get whipped in the palace, but the drains wouldn’t hurt very much, and I automatically get 3 drain right away for the whole game against court. I think it will do well against it.
To Spirajira:
I cannot review decks yet, as I do not have enough tech to. When I do tho, i will review it.
___________________________________________________________

This deck mainly uses speeders on tatooine to drain with the sandwhirls on tatooine also to prevent the other player’s people from attacking you. The kitonaks and jawas are in for Underworld Contacts, so they cannot cancel your drains. Kalit is used to cancel drains and battle destiny once you flip the objective. The mains are to go and kill the other player on their planet. Starting with Ounee Ta is great because 1) it lets me start with the signal in my hand 2) it makes my speeders deploy free to my generic sites 3) it makes my people deploy less and speeders deploy free to their generic sites. Hiding in the garbage is a great card, especially with this deck. Since the speeders deploy free to my generic sites, I can search for a vehicle and still deploy it, even if my force pile is depleted. Order to Engage is good for the end game when I have them on the run with my mains. Each turn I just follow them around and they have to battle and lose, or lose 3 force. Maneuvering flaps is good against a battling deck, so that I can beat them badly with speeder that are power 5. The Nar Shaddaa Chimes are just for getting out the jawas to flip. I would like to put in more rebel snowspeeders, but I only have 1, so I can’t at the moment. 

__________________________________________________

Matchups

vs. Court
Court is a fairly easy matchup. I get the sandwhirls out so their characters outside will be missing, then drain there. I go inside the palace with my mains, unless they have a bunchload of aliens there and are too powerful for my mains. Usually by mid game they find there aliens will be running out or stocked up in the palace and only draining of one or two at each site.

vs. SYCFA and Sinier Fleet
This deck has a hard time against space because it has little to stop space drains. A heavy drain space will wipe out this deck because it can get started quickly but can’t drain for much in the long run. The only way it could win is if you got the sites out quickly and started draining before they got set up. Against a battling space deck, this deck will do much better and probably could win. Against Sinier Fleet though, even if they don’t drain for much, it will be enough to win because every time they deploy a TIE, they retrieve force so my drains won’t be effective.

vs. Ops
This is a no brainer. This deck will crush any operative deck even without general salm and the anti-ops effect. My drains -1 will be canceled because of Underworld Contacts, and I will beat up their ops with the speeders and mains that deploy -3 to their sites. Their heavy drains won’t be a problem because they won’t be able to drain anyway.

vs. RallOps
Another easy matchup. My speeders deploy free and beat them up. If they dare to go to tatooine to get away from my speeders, I will sandwhirl them and their people will be missing. They won’t flip because of my speeders and mains. End of story.

vs. BHBM
Get Luke to be captured and make them lose 1 each turn to their objective, and don’t let them win battles. Even if they win one or two, they would have to win 5 to cross him over, but I don’t think thats possible, because my speeders are just too powerful.

vs. Hunt Down
This is a tough matchup, but I will probably win. Visage could hurt, but with this deck, it will hurt them too. Once Vader hits the table, attack him with speeders or mains (or both!) and don’t let Luke or Obi get dueled. In the end, my drains on Tat. will be too much and if they try to attack, then BOOM! sandwhirl. My mains can usually finish off their people so they can’t drain for much. 

vs. MKOS

A fairly easy matchup much like court. Sandwhirl makes them missing and my mains attack their aliens. A jawa deck will do better because they are immune to sandwhirl, but my speeders will beat them.

__________________________________________________

I hope you have a good time using this deck, and if you know of a deck design that could beat it or something I should add or take out, plz tell me in your review. Thanks, the future WorldChamp, Phil
