---
layout: archive
author: ! drew "drew man1" scott
title: ! "Training in da GHETTO"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-22
description: ! "Training deck that pimp slaps the opponent in the face if they get out of line."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting Jank
Mind what you have learned/save you it can
Dagobah
headed for the medical frigate
the way of things
wise advice
your insight serves you well

CHARACTERS
yoda
daughter of skywalker
luke rebel scout
luke w/ stick
obi w/stick X2
twass kahh
corrn horn
wedge antillies" red squad leader
red leader
hobbie
orrimarko
han w/blaster
captain han
hassh’n
lando w/ blaster
chewie /w blaster
beru and owen


STARSHIPS
tantive IV
home one
spiral
red squad 1
liberty
Millenium falcon

EFFECTS
battle plan
honor of the jedi
legendary starfighter
squadron assignments
taun taun bones
insurection
what are you tryin to push on us
projection of skywalker
i feel the conflict
draw thier fire

INTERRUPTS
the force is strong with this one
gift of the mentor
out of com./transmission terminatedX2
bith shuffle
a few meneuvers X2
houjix/ out of nowhere
noble sac.

LOCATIONS
yodas hut
dagobah swamp
   "     jungle
training area

TESTS
1
2
3
4
5
6

DEVICES
lukes backpack
'

Strategy: '

This training deck is just full of tech.
 first you start off by pulling daughter, the training area, and a test. start training by third turn. proceed by doing this each turn, all the tests should be easy to pass. when you pass test 5 you should have a 5 or a 6 tracked for it, and have 10 force saved because secret plans will be out, if CHYBC out place a scrub at both your opponents BGs then retrieve, if the dont have 2 battle grounds out then you should be ok because that means you have not been drained for a lot any way. The tauntaun bones are in there because with test 3 out you can always take advantage of it.
	When test 5 is passed, fight were they are, they wont beat you. Just place guy after guy down until they run out of characters, then drain at thier locations.

	Against BHBM, shold be an easy win, start YISYW then pull i feel the conflict with it, give them luke RS and dsend em to the throne room, they will not win duels by test 3 since all thier destinies are minus 1. they will keep stacking with it. you will win in the end.

	  against Scum, laugh at them when they get thier drain of 2 for 6 force when you bring battle plan and test 1 out. you will win because they arnt going to retrieve any for most of the game and test 6 will drain them out with out vader

	  against hunt down... this is probably the toughest game to play against. get honor out unless they start no escape. get a spy to cancel visage (unless honor out)train like normal and lose your force like a man. try as hard as possible to retrieve your 10 in the end. once at test 5 bring down guys to kill the barage of vaders coming your way. You should be victorios if you play right and have a little luck.

ALL OTHER decks should be a breeze to beat. This deck is really good and has won me a lot of tourneys. Every game should be yours if you can afford to retrieve the 10 force in the end. have fun with it.   '