---
author: Chris "Christo" Cicconi
title: My Machine Killer
side: Light
date: 2001-07-27
description: Yeah I looked over Yannicks about 100 times, like the idea so this is it MY WAY!
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: (6)
MWYHL/I don’t know I’ve never seen this side
Dagobah
Heading for the Frigate
Wise Advice 
Don’t do that again
Your Insight

Jedi Tests: (1)
Test numero 1, Great Warrior

Characters: (14)
Yoda
Obi-Wan x2
Luke w/Saber x3
Chewie, Protector 
Orrimaarko
Cappy Han x2
Leia w/Gun x2
Qui-Gon
Corran Horn

Locations: (3)
Yoda’s Hut
Dag: Jungle
Dag: Training Area

Ships: (2) 
Falcon

Weapons: (1)
Obi’s Wacker

Effect: (13)
What you Pushin Willis? x2 
Anger, Fear, Agression x3
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Order to Engage 
Battle Plan
Draw their fire
Legendary Starfighter
Honor of the Jedi
Frozen Assets

Interrupt: (20)
It Could be Worse x3
Changing the Odds 
Gift of the Mentor 
Clash of Sabers
I Know
On the Edge x2
The Signal x2
A Few Manuevers x2
Effective Repairs 
Rebel Barrier x2
Sorry bout the mess combo
Punch it 
Out of Comish/TT
Jedi Resilience








Strategy: 

*HUGE update already (thanks to a friend)*
out:
-Don’t Do That Again
-Signal
-Barriers x2
-Effective Repairs
-Punch It
-A Few Manuevers
-It could be worse
-Legendary Starfighter

In:
-another grabber
-naked 3PO
-We’re Doomed x2
-Insurrection
-Tat:DB
-CC:DB
-Home One:DB
-Off the Edge
*END HUGE update*
Alright...another retrieve...battle...drain deck

Go get your opponent with the mains
Drain them
You lose something important and retrieve
Yoda kills some attrition

Why these cards are in there:

Wise Advice: Adds one to training destiny, let’s my imm effects deploy for free, and if people do get sense and alter I get saved (that’s just a bonus)

Don’t do that again: Kills mob points, and I can take an Imm Effect, I can’t think of anything else to start with, can YOU?

Obi-Wan Kenobi: I don’t have EPP Obi’s so I can get the saber using Gift if I need to

Anger Fear Agression: Love that card

Projection: Slows drains down

Frozen Assets: Stops the opponent with Draw Their Fire, planning to Ghhk? or Barrier? NOT ANYMORE! and what’s this? NO force for the Ax too bad!

It Could be Worse: Slow down drains again, if you use it on drains you don’t have to worry about It’s Worse cause it’s ignored with Test 1, otherwise be caustious

Changing the Odds: Opponent can’t find something, check for It’s Worse, just in case, and get ride of it, he planning to fry you with Force Lightning, get ride of it, plus subtracting 1 from the destiny and Yoda gives you a immunity <4 which is cool

I haven’t played this deck much, I wanted to get some response first, I’ve only played vs a AoTBS deck, it does a good job if they’re playing Docking Bays. Other wise you’ll have to wait until I play somemore decks and then I’ll update it!   