---
author: Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: Profit mains
side: Light
date: 2001-06-08
description: a mains deck using profit as a platform for the activation, retriaval, and direct damage.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

objective(1)
you can either profit by this/or be destroyed

locations(5)
tatoonie: jabbas palace
tatoonie: docking bay
jabas palace: audience chamber
cloud city: platform 327(docking bay)
<>spaceport docking bay

characters(22)
qui-gon jinn x2
EPP han x2
han solo
LS,JK
EPP leia x2
JPSD lando x2
ben kenobi x3
R2&3PO x2
ECC chewie x2
wedge antilles
corran horn
master luke x2
padme naberrie

starships(2)
millenium falcon x2

interrupts(20)
fallen portal x3
off the edge x3
gift of the mentor x2
tunnel vision
i’ve got a bad feeling about this x2
life debt
skywalkers
dont get @#$%y
weapon levitation
i know
HFTMF
how did we get into this mess
sorry about the mess%blaster prof.
artoo, i have a bad feeling about this

effects(6)
ultimatum
goo nee tay
staging areas
insurrection
the camp
aim high

green(4)
anakins lightsaber
obi-wans lightsaber
qui-gons lightsaber
landing claw



Strategy: 

This is my first attempt at a profit, and ive never even played aggainst a profit, so i have absolutly no idea what im doing :P.  i need some constructive reviews to help this out cause i have a upcoming tournament.


Strategy: 
your starting cards in this deck are:
profit
han solo-a retrival of 10 rather then 5 because it might take some battling to free him.
tatoonie:jabbas palace
jabbas palace:AC
HFTMF
insurrection-get tatoonie sites out(ex. tat and <> d/b)
staging areas-get activation
*3rd effect*-aggainst any big drain deck use ultimatum, aggainst a scum if they still exist use the camp, aggainst a podracer or ties use aim high.  anything else i use aim high cause u get the power +5 bonus alot.


to start with, deploy a d/b, only deploy somone if u feel its safe, otherwise draw for characters and interrupts or save force to storm the AC.  gather your force outside and move in with numbers to scare them out of the AC and free han, or fight them and retieve your losses when u free him.  


now spread out the main characters that give them direct damage 1 to a site, and keep in mind that your fallen portals work at every site cept the AC, even jabbas palace.  they should keep u pretty safe since yur destinies rnt too bad.  remember to make them take the direct damage during your control phase for the obj.  


continue draining, dealing DD(direct damage), and retrieving force by tracking a 5 or so and playing off the edge at the cc: d/b; its not huge retieval but it helps.  i am working on raising the desinty but i need help with card choices.  anywase, dealing that type of damage and beating the heck out of the ground, and stopping most other drains should end the game on a posativfe note to say the least ;).


so, i need some help with what i should add and take out and help with things like whether i should play 3 js,jk’s or master lukes, and how many qui-gons to play, and if i should play a few bousshes.  i think it needs help and i have no experience with profit so i need some input.  and for the love of god dont give me lame 1-3 word reviews that dont help, they do nothing, go get 3 tech points somewhere else.  


thanks for the help, and if u have any questions or comments please d-mail me,
spirajira. 