---
author: Lewis "Duke Devil" Blake
title: The Main Chardra’s Podrace
side: Light
date: 2001-08-06
description: All three of the above parts: non-unique aliens (chardra fans), Mains, and podracing.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

START(6)
Podrace Prep
Anikan’s Racer
Strike Planning
Boonta Eve Podrace
Podrace Arena
Slave Quarters

LOCATIONS(6)
T: City Outskirts
T: Mos Espa
T: Podracer Bay
T: JP
JP: AC
JP: Antechamber

CHARACTERS(23)
General Solo
General Madine
Geezum
Tessek
Kabe
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Qui-Gon
Obi WK Padawan
Ben Kenobi
Corporal Kensaric
Luke With Saber
Master Luke Skywalker
Twass Khaa
Boushh
Leia w/ blaster
Threepio w/ parts showing
Shimi
Chewie w/ blaster
chardra fan x5

WEAPONS(1)
Obi’s saber

INTERRUPTS(21)
Rebel Barrier
It Can Wait
The Signal x2
You Will Take me TJN x2
Nar Shadda x2
Away Put your weapon
Old Ben
Losing track
entering the arena
skywalkers
gift of the mentor
Too close for comfort x2
A jedi’s concentration
A jedi’s focus
A jedi’s patience
glancing blow
changing the odds

EFFECTS(2)
The Camp
Aim High

MISC PURP CARD(1)
I did it!


Strategy: 

pretty much a tat main deck, only I tried to make it more versatile by adding other means of force loss besides plain old beatdown (drain enhancement and podrace)


1st turn:
-pull han and madine w/ Strike planning 
-activate
-drop shimi and threepio to quarters
-if you have enough force, drop madine to slave quarters and pull geezum, kensaric if geezum is not available. unfortunately, geezum will probably have to wait for turn two.
-draw if any available and you feel like you will have enough force next turn

turn two:
-activate
-drop geeezum, or pull a site with geezum if he’s already out.  drop another scout.

basically keep pulling all sites with geezum and drawing up a couple here and there a couple turns.

by turn six AT MOST, 6 destiny 0s will be out of the deck, three (at least) ones, and two twos.
this makes podracing a little easier, as well as threepio, who is already going.

several destiny adders help in battles(skywalkers, leia w/ balster, entering the arena, gift OTM) and han can cancel one as well.

As I said earlier, Han, Chewie, Madine, Geezum, Shimi, Threepio, Kensaric, and probably Qui-Gon will be out before too long

Barrier and It can wait help defend punks like tessek who have a tendancy to draw attention.  It can wait is awesome for setting up beatdowns.

Just in case they go space, tessek and c fans help with drains.  if necessary, they can go for forfeit fodder on the ground.

 Away put your weapon can be pretty cool against decks like hunt down (NO LIGHTSABER FOR YOU!!)

 Too close for comfort is just cool

 see above for old ben :p

 Basically I tried to make a deck that would do well battling and draining, although I can see how something like Ties might be able to mess me up, but that’s OK lol.

 thx for your reviews
  --Lewis

