---
author: Sam "AgentSD" Diamond
title: YOU ARE NOT YOUR SAC PROTECTION
side: Light
date: 2001-06-28
description: This is an obi/tosche mains deck that uses many old school interrupts combined with mains to overpower the opponent.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (3)
Tat: Obi’s Hut
Tat: Tosche Station
Careful Planning

Locations (2)
Tat: City Outskirts
Cloud City: North Corridor

Characters (18)
Ben Kenobi x2
Obi Wan, Padawan Learner x2
Obi Wan EPP
Luke EPP x3
Han EPP x2
Leia EPP
Lando w/ Vibro Axe
Qui Gon x2
Padme Naberrie
Caldera Righim
Corran Horn
Chewie Protector

Starships (2)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts (24)
Sense & Recoil in Fear x3
Sense x2
Changing the Odds
Gift of the Mentor
Weapon Levitation
Jedi Presence x2
Losing Track x2
The Signal x2
Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
OOC/TT x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Noble Sacrifice x2
Eventually You’ll Lose
A Jedi’s Resilience
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Proficiency

Effects (5)
Lightsaber Proficiency
Mantellian Savrip
I Hope She’s All Right
Your Insight Serves You Well
I Can’t Believe He’s Gone

Weapons/Devices (5)
Obi’s Saber x2
Qui Gon’s Saber
Landing Claw x2

Podracer (1)
Anakin’s Podracer 

Strategy: 

PLEASE READ BEFORE REVIEWING!!!

In case you didn’t catch it, the title of the deck is a play on words from lines in the greatest movie ever, Fight Club.  

Ok, this deck plays like your baisc Obi/Tosche deck.  Get out obi ASAP, usually turn 1, and deploy him to the hutt and move him over to the tosche station.  If you can afford to give him a friend for backup that always helps but usually it isn’t necessary as your opponent usually won’t be going after him this early.  From there, you just play according to what their strategy is.  If they are playing a non-interactive deck, go to where they are.  If they are coming to you, don’t hesitate to battle.  Just set up your guys and use key interrupts.  This deck has absurd battling power and can cause massive beatdowns.  The deck has pretty decent destiny but it’s really easy to track since most of the high destiy is recyclable and this deck activates like crazy.  Sense is a big help in this deck but it’s not the end of the game if it gets grabbed or they put out the SAC protection.  Many decks don’t play protection these days and if they are playing podracing they definitely won’t be playing it, at least they won’t be starting it.  Evader/Monnok doesn’t hurt this deck as bad as it did the last version.  Now there are only 5 senses so it’s a lot less likely that they will get any with a lost monnok.  

Here are some reasons for certain card choices:

Mantellian Savrip: With 5 obi Wan’s, i can often have extras to lose for this.  Also if my opponent isn’t playing space, I can lose my ships for this.

Nabrun Leids: IAO is pretty much gone.  Oota Goota solo sees little play.  Nabrun beatdowns rule and nabrun also helps if your opponent is setting up outside of tatooine and you need to get there.  

A Jedi’s Resilience: I don’t usually lose duels because of tracking high destinys but this helps just in case i do.  The second function of the card is nice also and it’s a destiny 6.

Tatooine Obi: For this deck he works really well.  To the hut, he costs 1 force.  His power is 6 so he works better with noble sacrifice.  Also, his gametext is actually very good.  I know that the other obi’s and him can’t replace one another but I wouldn’t ever really need to replace with this deck.

Losing Track: Messes up their destiny, helps in podracing, is a destiny 6.

Jedi Presence:  This card can cause massive battle damage.  It’s insane.

Caldera Righim: He’s amazing.  Just look at him.  

CC: North Corridor: Good for an extra draining location.

If you have any further questions, d-mail me.

Here are some strategies against popular DS decks.

Anything with racing: Sense their racing cards, play losing track when you have to.  Anakin’s racer is better than sebulba’s.  You have a good chance at winning the race.

HD w/ Numbers: Get out you insight ASAP.  There are 4 ways to cancel visage (2 TT’s and 2 spies) and if they try to cancel TT, you can sense their canceller.  Qui gon wrecks hunt down.  This shouldn’t be a tough match.

ISB Space:  Set up landing claws on the 2 ships.  Set up I hope she’s all right.  Beat down anything on the ground.  Set up big drains with 2 sabers, lightsaber proficiency.  Eventually you’ll lose at the right time played as a lost interrupt can get rid of a bunch of Outer rim scouts.  This can be tough but you can win it.

Ralops: Go to ralitir, kick @#$% and take names.  It shouldn’t be that tough to flip them back.  Set up some Nabrun beatdowns.  Shouldn’t be a tough matchup.

Anything else:  Just adapt to their strategy and overcome.  TIES can be beaten the same way as ISB space, mains decks can be beaten just by battling them head on.  Court can’t touch this.  The deck is very solid and can adapt to many different deck types.

Well, that’s the deck.  Review with an open mind and some common sense please.  Feedback is highly appreciated.  Thanks. 

Response to Reviews:  Garion - yes my force activation is good.  After turn 1, I generate a minimum of 9 force every turn plus whatever they give me.   That may not seem like much but I will always have lots of force saved becasue of how quickly I start the massive activation.  Plus, I still have 2 other locations for even more generation. 