---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "YaggleGakkle" Camp
title: ! "WYS Raiders Celebrate"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-25
description: ! "A basic WYS Palace Raider deck with Celebration for retrieval"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

Watch Your Step/ As You Exit the Vehicle

Heading For Frigate

Tatooine

Cantina

DB 94

Insurrection

Staging Areas

Squassins


Characters (21)

Black-Clothed Ultra Luke x2

Captain Han x2

Chewie w/Gun x2

Wedge Antilles

Dash Rendar x2

Mirax Terrik

Melas

Talon Karrde

Theron Nett

Palace Raider x6

Artoo & Threepio x2


Weapons (1)

Luke’s Saber


Ships & Vehicles (11)

Falcon

Outrider

Mirax’s Skate

Red Squad 1

Red 10

Patrol Craft x6


Interrupts (13)

Walk Luke Walk

Were You Lookin For ME??

Out of Comm Combo x2

Cantina Brawl (Amazing Tech)

Fallen Portal x2

Artoo & Threepio in Battle, No Destiny For You x2

Houjix & Out Of Nowhere

Mess & Proficiency

Coontrol/ Tunnel Vision x2


Effects (3)

Honor of Jedi

Menace Fades

Tatooine Cel


Location (1)

 DB


Admiral’s Orders (2)

I’ll Take the Leader x2


'

Strategy: '

To Smiley Choke 

After reading your comments, I have decided that you are an idiot.  There’s ways to get around Monnok, like DEPLOYING THE CARDS ONCE YOU GET THEM instead of leaving them in your hand.  I’ve played several BHBM and HD decks that play Monnok and never lost anything to it.  If you had bothered to read the strategy, you would have noticed that I dont use the non-combo Houjix since no one plays Sunsdown in my area, and I suggested that the non-combo version be played if you see Sunsdown in your area. Look Sir Droids doesnt do much since no deck plays more than 1, theres 2 copies of R2&3PO in the deck & Were Ya Lookin pulls it. Next time, read strategy b4 you give a good deck a half star.



Most of you already know the strategy, but here goes 


Raiders on Patrol Crafts wreck on ground, since they add a destiny.  Flip the Objective, put a few Raiders on Crafts, and react around for 3 destiny. Your other guys hold the Cantina.


Card Choices


Wedge 

Put him on his ship vs. space decks for another six power. Vs. ground decks, forfeit him for 12 at same site as Karrde w/ objective flipped.


Ill Take the Leader

Adds 1 to force drains at your 2 Dbs which helps alot, and makes all your ships immune to attrition < either 6 or 7.  Destiny 6


Were You Lookin For Me? 

Retrieve the Artoo combo or add a destiny if its in a battle.


Cantina Brawl

Huge tech  Every WYS deck needs to play this.  Both players draw destiny.  All characters with ability matching either draw are lost.  Translation  You can play this twice, if you go from Lost Pile.  If a bunch of oponents are holed up in the Cantina draining w/ sabers, play this twice.  If any 1 of the 4 draws is 6, Vader & Maul die. If any are a 2, Snoova Bossk Dengar Sarkli you get the point. It’s saved mein several games.


Artoo & Threepio

Some people think 2 copies of them is a waste, but I dont.  It really helps to be able to have no attrition against you in battles as many times as possible. Plus, kill 5d6, 4LOM, etc.


Houjix Combo

The WYS Lewis Style uses non-combo Houjix to cancel Sunsdown, which wrecks the crafts.  However, I hav never seen anyone play Sunsdwn.  If people play it in your area, swap in the non-combo.



Matchups


Hunt Down

Keep Luke away from Vader.  Kill Vader to Palace Raider attrition, and Out of Commission.  React if they come battle you (duh?).  Hold Tatooine & Celebrate your losses.


MKOS

Pretty much dead from all the new kill cards.  If someone has the gut to play it, assassinate the Rep and drain at the DBs. I like Skrillings, but they suck now.


Court

Sorry About the Mess Dengar, as he wrecks crafts.  Menace Fades the Gailid drains and kill those bounty hunters’ sucky forfeit with giant attrition. Drop the Portal on Guri. Not too tough.


Bring Him

Tough matchup.  The only way to win is to make sure that Palace Raiders dont let them win battles.  If they drain with sabers in the Cantina, Brawl them to death. Celebrate any losses.


RalOPS

Invade Ralltir with Patrol Crafts, and send a couple power ships to Ralltir to keep their objective unflipped. Send suicide Raiders to them near the beginning to keep them unflipped. Seeing a comeback of this. Semi-tough matchup.


Tie Swarm

Menace Fades. Kill them w/ the Falcon or other ships.  Drain for 6 on tatooine, and Celebrate. ITTL helps alot, making all the TIES power -2. Decimate them in one huge battle, hopefully they dont have Ghhk, b4 they start the retrieval cycle.


Endor Ops/Ominous Rumors

NEVER seen anyone with this type of deck.  Menace fades kills.  Just keep everything you have on tatooine and you win.


Dark Deal Hop

Hahahahahahahahaha Menace Fades & Honor hahahahahahahahahaha.


Accordin to local meta, you may need to put in Odds cancellers or Anakin’s Pod.  have fun.




'