---
author: Tim "jedi_turtle" Truong
title: Skywalker Jedi’s
side: Light
date: 2001-04-29
description: This uses high ability characters to help against destiny draws
rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

Locations: Dagobah 
Dagobah: Training Area 
Dagobah: Jungle 
Dagobah: Bog Clearing 
Dagobah: Yoda&#8217;s Hut 
Dagobah: Swamp 
CC: Incinerator 


Characters: Wyron Serper 
EG-4 
Yoda 
Son of Skywalker 
Figrin D&#8217;an 
EPP Luke x2 
Daughter of Skywalker x2 
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2 
Chewbacca of Kashyyk x2 
General Solo x2 
ECC Lando x2 


Character Weapons, Weapons, and Devices: Portable Scanner x2 
Luke&#8217;s Backpack 
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber 
Anakin&#8217;s Lightsaber 


Starships and Vehicles: None

Interrupts and Effects: Heading for the Medical Frigate 
Courage of a Skywalker 
Grimtaash 
Aim High 
Honor of the Jedi 
Yoda&#8217;s Hope 
Your Insight Serves You Well 
Battle Plan 
The Way of Things 
Wise Advice 
Traffic Control x2 
Anger, Fear, Aggression x5 
Nabrun Leids x2 
Tunnel Vision x2 
Off The Edge x3 


Other (Creatures, Jedi Tests, etc.): Jedi Test 1-6 
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can 


Strategy: 

All right, the starting stuff for this deck are Dagobah, MWYHL/SYIC Objective, Heading for the Medical Frigate, plus any 3 of the 5 available effects. I usually start with Wise Advice, The Way of Things, and Battle Plan but you should read the cards and see which of the effects you want to use most. 
The main idea of this deck is to complete the Tests in a hurry. The thing that&#8217;s most important is getting everything out as soon as possible. Like pulling out the Training Area as the first site so you can get the tests out as soon as possible. Also you should pull out Yoda and all of the cards you are able to pull out using the Obj. in the first turn and on the second pull out SOS or DOS and all the cards also applying that character using the Obj. The best order for the sites I found so that the test go as fast as possible is Training Area 1st turn, Jungle 2nd turn and on the right side of Training area, and then Swamp or Bog Clearing on the 3rd turn to the left of Training Area. On the 4th turn pull Yoda&#8217;s Hut and put it on the left of the site you pulled your 3rd turn. You may the place the last Dagobah site on the far end of either side. 
The reason that it matters is because you can do JT 1 on Training Area and then deploy JT 2 to Jungle and move to Jungle on the same turn. You move to Jungle and complete the test and then immediately pass JT 3 using The Way of Things. During that turn deploy JT 4 to the site you pulled the 3rd turn and move to the site with Yoda in Luke&#8217;s Backpack because The Way of Things gives the apprentice a landspeed = 2. You may then play JT 5 after you pass JT 4. Next turn you attempt JT 5 and then the turn after you complete the JT. Whether or not you play JT 6 is up to you. In my opinion you should be able to win without it but if they&#8217;re playing a space deck than play it. 
You should start testing on your 3rd turn. By that time everything you need should be out. While the testing is going on you need to find Traffic Control and a Portable Scanner so when you draw the 2 destiny for JT 5 you will have a Portable Scanner for all time destiny. The reason you want a Portable Scanner for destiny is because with Wyron Serper all cards with the word &#8220;scan&#8221; in title are destiny +2. That gives you an all time destiny of 8. Nice huh. 
Another thing you need to do is get EG-4 to CC: Incinerator so you can you off the edge on EG-4. If you lose EG-4 somehow you can retrieve him by spending 3 force while occupying Incinerator. After you pass JT 5 and have an all time destiny of 8 you can retrieve 8 force easily. 
Well, I hope you enjoy the deck. It&#8217;s been played a lot and it does a good job of beating down on those dweeb force drainers and ground decks. If you encounter space deck just keep them hurting with the Anger, Fear, Aggressions. It really takes a toll on them. And if you keep retrieving than eventually you will ware them down. Have fun. 
