---
layout: archive
author: ! Cortney "dope5tar" Haggerty
title: ! "yes  Kal Fal is really my rep"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-06
description: ! "AITC for space."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'obj agents in the court


Locations 9

Hutt trade route

Audience chamber

hoth

yavin4

kashyyk

mon calamari

sullust

home1 docking bay

echo docking bay


Characters 19

Luke rebel scout

Da bush

TK 422

admiral ackbar

major hashnn

1st ofcr thanespi

wedge antilles

tessek x2

kal fal

mirax

raltir freighter captains x8


Ships 10

home1

liberty

defiance

independence

mon cal cruiser x3

spiral

tantive4

masanya


interrupts 7

nar shadda x2

take me to jabba NOW x2

signal x2

HFTMF


effects 12

insurrection

staging areas

uh oh

yarna

launching the assault

Bo shuda

haven

OTE

aim hi

bacta tank

sandwhirl

bargaining table


Admirals order 2

capital support x2 '

Strategy: '

quick edit starting stuff is like this

hutt route

aud chamber

HFTMF

insurrection

stagin areas

uh oh

yarna

im done now.



i thought of doing this a long time ago when i first started playing. back then the only light side deck i played was profit, and i realized that tessek was the man.


so the basic gist is to get out a bunch of cruisers and drain for a bunch.  with staging areas, your crusiers are deploy -1 and have less deployment restrictions.  first couple of turns, get docking bays with people there and set up tessek/bo shuda.  by then, hopefully there will be some battleground systems out to deploy your cruisers.  combined with the admirals order, the RFC’s deploy for free to the cruisers.  i didnt put in systems like kessel and coruscant cuz they are too often double edged swords, and besides- the 2-1 sites will be drains of three anyways (launching the assault and tessek).  


you could just as easily use h’nemthne’s instead of RFC’s.  if i knew of a rep for either species this deck would be insanely good, but im too lazy to sift through my never used unique aliens.  if anyone knows if they have one, please let me know 


ok, reasons for some cards

aim hi i hate scum and villainy.

bacta tank to get the aliens back (and for tessek too, when he gets snipered).

Sandwhirl more of just a fun card than anything.  just imagine when you sandwhirl vader w/his saber at the trading route.

the mon cal characters these guys are awesome when on cruisers


why not some

SAC protec there isnt a whole lot of stuff to get hurt by sac, its mostly just raw power. and besides, SAC is sortof in hibernation thanks to the combo SAC wrecker.

TT/ooc theyre being used in my other decks.  they definitely should be in here, however i just dont have that many.


Matchups.


BHBM give them luke as soon as they put an imperial down, then go about your business. you should be able to outpower them in space.


huntdown this is IMO the best darkside deck out there now, so it will be tough.  try to get rid of visage w/the spies, just try to speed drain them out. be real careful w/luke.


court/MKOS they have really lite space usually, so you should be able to out drain them. OTE in the audience chamber will hurt them too (at least till they point man it).  the trade route will slow them down, sandwhirl is a riot here.


TIEs watch out for lateral damage, major hashpipe will help out alot.  should be a fun game tho.  send the tantive4 to wakeelmui, fun fun fun


Endor ops again, fun fun. big space battles, my favorite part of starwars, personally.


ISB try hard to not let them get decree going, that will slow you waaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy down.


well that is about all i can think of. if you like fish heads and their ships, youll like this deck.  if anyone knows of unique h’nemthne’s or raltirians, let me know rate kindly and w/good advice.

later

hag  '