---
author: Alex "aljex" Helmke
title: throne room done right aka i wish i was huntawarya
side: Light
date: 2001-01-19
description: throne room mains
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starters(4)
Y4:massassi throne room
heading for redemption
staging areas
insurrection
3rd effect varies upon opponent

characters(20)
epp han x2
epp leia x2
epp obi x3
ls,jk x3(x2 foil, suck it trebek)
major hassh’n
KFC
tawss khaa
corran horn
chewbacca protector
admiral ackbar
melas
first officer thaneespi
lt. blount
wedge antilles

starships(2)
home 2
lando in falcon

interupts(15)
alter x2
sense x3
weapon levitation x2
tunnel vision x2
out of commission & TT x2
fallen portal x2
blowing glance
weooww-bzzzt-bzt-weoww-bzzzt(clash)
sorry about the mess
skywalkers
son of a bith shuffle/desperate reach
courage of a skywalker

effects(5)
ounee ta(agaisnt rops,court,MKOS)
YISYW(possible starter)
wise advice(other possible starter)
goo nee tay x2

green(2)
lukes lightsaber
anakins lightsaber

locations(7)
rendezvous point
yoda’s hutt
home 2:war room
home 2:docking bay
Y4:massassi headquarters
H:docking bay
H:war room






Strategy: 

CARD FOR CARD
throne room:well i didnt really need this card, but i was foil and i like shiny things

staging areas:for the extra activation

insurrection:pull your bays and gives the not so scrubs a forfeit bonus

epp han:beacuase he’s a smuggler, gambler, and risk taker.  "everythings going to be fine, trust me"

epp leia:cause she’s destiny one

epp obi:because i love old wrinkly men

ls,jk:because i have 2 lsjk foils, eat it

haash’n:deploys free on home 2 and cancels lat. damage

KFC:because she doesnt shave her legs, i think its a turn on

tawss khaa:retreiving is good, right?

corran horn:cause he wrote the x-wing series

chewbacca protector:cause he can cancel a opponents characters game text

admiral ackbar:FISHY FISHY FISHY

melas:cause he smokes Essoomian gruu pipe to heighten awareness and many other things

thaneespi:FISHY FISHY FISHY’S SISTER

lt. blount:cause he is a spi and kills isb

wedge antilles:cause he’s hotter than red squad leader

lando in flacon:CAUSE ITS GOOD!!!!!!!!!!

home 2:FISHY FISHY FISHY’S SHIP

alter:cause i still love wrinkly old men

sense:guess

out of commision/TT: cause you have failed me for the last time

weapon levitation:because jedi’s can lift many things with the force........

tunnel vision:because han wishes he could look down leias blouse

fallen portal:cause it can kill them

glancing blow:ouch, that really hurt

clash:weooww-bzzzzt-bzt-bzzzzt-weoww-bzzt-weoww-weow-bzt-bzt-bzt-weow-bzzzzzt!

sorry about the mess:sorry about the deck

skywalkers:because britney spears is hot

bith shuffle/desperate desperate reach:to cancel imperial barrier and to stop tracking

courage of a whiny skywalker: to add a dest in a duel

wise advice:training destiny +1 of course

YISYW:odds killer

ounee ta:hahohahoha

goo nee tay:cause nah nah nah ohhh! louwa! goo nee tay!

STRATEGY:
With this deck, I try to win. Oh you want my strategy, ok then. Well 1st turn, i deploy one of my DBAYS, and sites in my hand if i have any. If i have KFC, id deploy he because shes deploy 0. or id deploy some scrub like wedge or blount for the extra force next turn. By the middle of the game you should have enough force to deploy your mains, if you havent built a force yet. You should do pretty well against good decks. All the interrupts and effects should help oyu to win the game.

MATCHUPS
hunt Down- Ill just start wise advice, because ill probley expect to jedi test. Ill stick to my regular strategy, and get all my DBAYS out with scrubs to get my activation up, ill go to their sites to flip them back, ha. Visage will be no problem, niether will dueling, with the -3 from dueling from LSJK, and the Courage, and the Glance will help. You should win, unless perhaps you are playing a guy named Brian hunter.

BHBM-
Deploy your Dbays, and give them luke to flip them to lose force. The luke should hold off the duels, because he subtracts three. WIN BATTLES, so you dont lose, thats just a helpful reminder. If you play right, you should win, with youre mains, and all your destiny adders.

ISB-
Lets see- just get blount and some mains to courescent- so they cany flip but they might beat you down there- but hold youre own there and youll eventually win.

Court-
This could be a challenge- deploy to your DBAYS, to get your activation up- then deploy mains. But watch out for None Shall pass, you could start Ounee Taa to slow it down. Just try to beat down. and youll win.

MKOS-
Hmm- same as court its all the same right?

ROPS- Ill start Ounee Ta, because im afraid of that stupid None Shall Pass. Well deploy to Rallitiir, so they cant flip and its not that hard, because you have so many mains, its not funny.

SYCFA ties-
i dont really seen this around this area, so i have no idea how to play it.

-end of matchups-

Props:
To britney spears for having nice breastesses
Spirajira- for being so kind to write 7/10ths of this deck
All your reviews because this deck is the funniest one youve seen right? RIGHT?





