---
layout: archive
author: ! Silent "Silent Bob" Bob
title: ! "ISB"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-22
description: ! "ISB deck for review"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Vehicles (6)

       Blizzard 2 

       Dune Walker 

       Tempest 1 

       Tempest Scout 1 

       Tempest Scout 3 

       Tempest Scout 6 


Starships (4)

       Boba Fett In Slave I 

       Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 

       Dengar In Punishing One 

       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 


Characters (23)

       5D6-RA-7 (Fivedesix) 

       Admiral Ozzel 

       Arica 

       Captain Jonus 

       Chall Bekan 

       Colonel Wullf Yularen 

       Commander Merrejk 

       Corporal Derdram 

       Fozec 

       Guri 

       Lieutenant Arnet 

     2 Lord Vader 

       Lt. Pol Treidum 

       Officer Evax 

       Outer Rim Scout 

       Prince Xizor 

       Sergeant Tarl 

       Sergeant Torent 

       Sergeant Wallen 

       Tarkin 

       U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio) 

       Veers 


Effects (8)

       Ability, Ability, Ability 

       Imperial Arrest Order 

       Imperial Decree 

       Mobilization Points 

       Search And Destroy 

       Secret Plans 

       Security Precautions 

       You Cannot Hide Forever 


Interrupts (9)

       Control & Set For Stun 

       Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us 

       Prepared Defenses 

     2 Projective Telepathy 

       Sense & Uncertain Is The Future 

       Trample 

     2 Twi lek Advisor 


Locations (9)

       Carida 

       Coruscant 

       Desert 

       Hoth Echo Docking Bay 

       Tatooine Docking Bay 94 

       Tatooine Jundland Wastes 

       Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm 

       Tatooine Tusken Canyon 

       Yavin 4 Docking Bay 


Objectives

       ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents 

'

Strategy: '

Start


ISB

Coruscant

Prepared Defenses

IAO

MP

Imperial Decree (VS decks that would drain)

Secret Plan (VS Hidden Base)

You Can’t Hide For Ever (Default)


First turn, deploy Carida with Mob Points and Tatooine Docking Bay.


Keep deploying Docking Bays and people to the docking Bays to get a nice generation rolling.  There are a lot of draining locations in this deck.  With the objective and the sites, drain en mass.


Use Imperial Decree and 5D6 to stop the opponent’s drains.


Use Arica and U-3PO to stop drains as well.


The walkers are back up for battles.


Projective Telepathy can be used to prevent battles if you don’t want to fight.


Wallen deploys for free to a battle you initate.


Cardia is there so you can retrieve the troopers.


Use Cardia to lose a card (an ISB Agent) during you control so you can retrieve a trooper.  Deploy the trooper for battle.  Later, retrieve the ISB agent back into your hand.


Guri and Xizor are there for battle protection.


Ability, Ability, Ability and Search and Destroy are there to add to the force lose.


The Rebel base docking bays are there for imperial decree locations. '