---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "Senate Big Blue aka The Beginning Of An Epic"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-15
description: ! "This is a strong senate deck that uses mass drains and big blue to beat the opponent."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 8

My Lord Is That Legal?

Coruscant Galactic Whorehouse

Blockade Flagship Bridge

Fear Is My Ally

Prepared Defenses

IAO/Splans

Mob. Points

They Must Never Again Leave This City


Def Shield 10

Battle Order

Come Here You Big Coward

Allegations Of Corruption

A Useless Gesture

Do They Have Code Clearance

Fanfare

Oppressive Enforcement

We&#8217;ll Let Fate-a Decide Huh?

You cannot Hide Forever

Resistance


Locations 4

Kessel

Sullust

Bespin

CC DB


Characters 21

Lott Dodd x2

Tikkes x2

Aks Moe x2

Edcel Bar Gane

Passel Argente

Yeb Yeb Ademthorn

Commander Merrejk

Admiral Piett

Admiral Chiraneau

Admiral Ozzel

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Darth Maul x2

DVDLOTS x2

Emperor Palpatine

U-3PO

Arica


SS and V 11

Bossk In Hounds Tooth

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Boba In Ship

Dengar In Ship

Devastator

Vengeance

Trade Federation Droid Control Ship 

Executor

Chimaera

Tempest 1

Blizzard 2


Effects 4

Motion Supported

This Is Outrageous

Accepting Trade Federation Control

Lat. Dam.


Interrupts 11

Squabble Squabble x2

Imp Comm x4

GHHK Combo

Unsalvageable x2

Neimoid Advisor x2


AO 1

Battle Deployment

'

Strategy: '

******* BIGGER UPDATE *********

Go check out my second version, because this version was deployed messed up and I have updated it for you.


*****IMPORTANT UPDATE*****

Well boy do I feel stupid. TMNALTC cannot be deployed with my starting effect. With this is mind some changes need to be made.

Out

Neimoid Advisor

Bespin

TMNALTC

CCDB

Oppressive Enforcement (Defensive Shield)


In

Naboo

Endor

Endor DB

TINT/OE (new start)

Youve never won a race? (D. Shield)


Without the first turn Executor, it is not as fast, but is still very strong and still very controlling. The executor wasnt a needed thing, just something helpful. This deck still runs just as well without the trick.

*****END UPDATE*****


Ever since I saw the senate objective, I have thought that it would be great played with Big Blue. Only problem was that too make the deck solid and able to win, It required way to many card slots, and was way to card intensive. Then R3 came out, with defensive shields, of course, and made making this deck a whole lot easier. Now I had a way to put in all the counters, so that I could trim the deck down to the legal limit and keep it strong. This is the only version of Senate Big Blue Space that I have seen, and I think that it could be a very strong force to be reckoned with. Also with the heavy activation brought on by tikkes, you will have enough force to deploy your shiz fast without giving your opponent worlds of force.


This deck is also good, because it can get the opponent to waste their defensive shields on cards that will not greatly help them. Most opponents will deploy battle plan if you get a big drain second or third turn, while you have no one on the ground. They will deploy their grabber after seeing imperial command and Squabble. And they will deploy a wasted DDTA after you get out your docking bay and they want to stop Activation. This leave ultimatum still in the deck to not help them stop your huge drains.


Early game

This deck gets itself rolling rather fast. First action of the game is to pull the executor out of the reserve deck with Mob. Points. This way DDTA does not kill it. With that in mind this is how your opening hand should look usually

Senator

Senator (or Squabble)

Character (or Imp Comm)

Neimoid, Merrejk, or System

Starship

3 other cards

Executor.

With that set up you should try always for the first turn flip. Deploy your senators to the senate, flip, and take the FD adder effect into hand and deploy it. If opponent gives you enough force also deploy Merrejk to the bridge, or use a Neimoid to get bespin and deploy your free executor. Deploy your docking bay. After your first turn, deploy your starships, and systems and start the mass drainage.


Mid-Game

Deploy your starships fast and furiously. Get out your senators that will help you in the game. Deploy your walkers and characters to the CC docking bay. This will get Aks Moe set up to add to your Bespin drain. Also your characters will be protected, because with Edcel opponent gets only one destiny, and you can subtract it by 3. In space get Chiraneu out and spread out, adding to drains with him and your Pol. Effect. Deploy your Undercover spies to their drain sites, and use your Pol. Effect to cancel their drains.  Keep your starships together, unless you know that they do not have a heavy space deck. Spread out, if you are certain you will not get your ships lost. Aks Moe adds to your capitals power, and Battle deployment limits destiny. You should be able to control the CC DB, and at least all 3 systems by the mid to the late game. Use Resistance to stop big drains that you do not cancel. Deploy Battle Order once you control your battle ground. Most likely there deck will be shut down, and you will have control.  This is not the fastest deck in the world, but after a few turns, it will start to completely wreck your opponent.


Late Game

With the heavy draining in the air, and the lock set up the end game should be rather fast. It is possible to get a total drain up to 15. With drains that high, opponent will die rather fast. With battle order and your Imperial commands, they will not be able to take out your space presence so you will most likely be able to stick to your 3 systems, 1 site, and the senate. Use Squabble to retrieve. Track your destinies, and take out anyone that comes to you. Force drain him out and you will win. It may not be the highest diff, but a win is a win.


Specific Cards

They Must Never Again Leave this city You may think that this is a wasted cardslot if you are just using it for one purpose. But this card is incredible in this deck. Getting the space presence of the executor fast, can help you to the win. A first turn executor, is a hard card to get rid of. Also, people will put in just Fondor to get Executor cheaper, there is really no difference.


CCDB and Bespin I chose these for 2 reasons. One because of the Executor Trick. The other because of Aks moe. Also your characters here are immune to Lost in the Wilderness.


2 Aks Moe Great for the power addition and the extra drain. Also a senator.


Mains I chose the Immunity Mains, rather than the Lightsaber mains because I wanted to maintain presence there, and with the minus 3, I should be able to keep them there for a long time.


System Selection I chose Kessel, because It will cancel out opponents Kessel, your starships deploy minus 1, and opponent needs ability 6 to get destiny. Bespin for Free executor. And Sullust for the drain of 2.


Battle Deployment Xwings suck. Walkers rule. Less destiny if Edcel cannot be found.


Droid Control Ship This ship is pimpin. Power 5, deploy 6, ability 2, destiny 2, and good forfeit. This is an all around good ship to just sit at a system. Power +2 with Akssy boy.


Unsalvageable kills power pivot if I get swarmed. Kill Hyper escape if opponent tries to be gay. Kills that Lone starship after they forfeit their pilot. Kills that rogue OOC.


Matchup Time


WYS This deck is rather anti-WYS. It uses Edcel to limit destinies on the ground and Imp comms to limit their mass destiny In the air. It can control the systems with your superior power and Battle Deployment makes their star ships less power. Unsalvageable kills their starships that they leave after forfeiting Wedge for 10 to the bacta tank. You get your mass drains off. You get your battle ground. This can beat WYS.


EBOX This deck beats EBO with a vengeance. Passel hurts their swarm. Resistance can hold down their drains. Battle Deployment wrecks their power. Beats power pivot and hyperescape. Hurts their drains with battle order. EBO is no match for this deck.


RST This deck will see much less play, but if someone does play it, it could be tough with all the direct damage. If you can get set up fast, you can beat it. Come here you big coward will stop some of their retrieval if you surprise them after they win the race. Battle order will keep them paying, and your Starships can keep them out of space. You can still control one site with your characters. With the heavy drains you should be able to win the game.


QMC This could be a tough game. If they are smart and play Ultimatum, because controlling 3 locations with their mains will be rather easy. But if you play smart you can get them to use their defensive shields. I explained earlier how to get them to use Defensive shields. Just set up in space and send U.C. spies to the sites that Pucimir is not at. Cancel as many drains as possible. Set up in space like normal. Beat down any Space ships that they try to deploy to space. Hold the Bespin System and play smart so they Do not get to control a System. Dont over deploy systems so that there is not a big chase around for Star Ships.


Profit You will beat profit. Start Arica at the audience chamber. Deploy your other u.c. spy. Get your drains set up and spread because they will not have a space presence at all. Control your one location and use resistance to keep their drains at 2. the direct damage may hurt you, but you should be able to out drain them with your mass drains. 


Well Handle This This is going to be a rather Easy Game. Deploy to space and get resistance out. Now the opponent will not be able to drain you for more than 6 a turn. You on the other hand will be getting your mass drains off. Just set up in space, and deploy your shiz to the Endor DB. You wont be able to drain there, but the space drains are enough. Get out battle order to make them pay 9 to drain at their 3 sites. I dont see this deck losing at all to a WHT deck.


Hidden Base (all forms) just set up in space with your massive drains. Dont spread out, you do not want to lose your ships. Just hold 2 or 3 systems and you can drain for enough. Go probing. Hold your site and use Battle Order. If your playing Mains, dont deploy weak to your site. Imperial Command will stop the Super Falcon, and Edcel will stop the EPP Swarm. You can beat Hidden Base Easily.


This is most of the match-ups that you will see. This deck is very strong and can win almost every game that it is in. This is a control deck that will totally decimate your opponent. Most players will not know what to do with it, because it is not very popular. This deck should be able to win every game that it is in. I cannot think of a LS deck that would beat it constantly. Hope you enjoyed.


Milfonati Admin

Alex George

'