---
author: Greg "SonOfaSith" Hitt
title:  TIC TAC TOE 3  X’S IN A ROW
side: Light
date: 2001-03-15
description: x-wings
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(6)
Generator
4th marker
Heading FTMF
Strike Planning
Draw Their Fire
do or do not/ wise advice

Locations(7)
med lab
war room
docking bay
kiffex
yavin 4
hoth 
kashyyyk

Characters(10)
Obi with saber
luke with saber
leia with gun
han with gun
Madine 
Riekan
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Beezer
Mirax
Junkin

Starships(18)
x-wings x12
Red squad x’s x3
Red in Red 1
x assualt squadron

Weapons(2)
x wing laser cannon x2

Effect(5)
Incom corps x2
A new secret base
traffic contol
EBO

Interrupts(12)
signal x4
org attack x6
all wings x2



Strategy: 

All right hey whats up

This deck has yet to be played in a tournament but i was wonderin what others thought and i welcome ne critizm

as soon as you draw the signal use it to get ANSB and incom.  then use strike to get riekan and madine.  madine allows u to get the 3 scouts which is plenty of characters in order to do ebo.
Y riekan makes it so ebo cant go awya.  y beezer, and junkin.  beezer stops reacts and allows for a reason to look through your deck.  Junkin just because he is a 3 2 character.  When u draw org attack if u r short on x’s just use it to go get 3 of em.  everything else seems self explanatory.

match ups:

BHBM-
luke at 4th marker but dont deploy him until vader is out else where.  drains ought to hurt and u should be able to win in space if not u r doin something wrong.  Drains ought to kill

court
get crix and get him on tat. then use him to get chewie.  and deploy maybe one other person.  up to u.

Endor ops no flip-
good game swarm and kill. your drains should be about equal so it will depend on battles but x- wings are very good power so.

Endor Ops flip-
dont go to endor. prolly not enough space to hold more than endor but that can still be a 7 drain so u might want to do your best to take control of endor early.

HD-
dont deploy obi or luke ne wheres near vader.  your dstinys are not good so u will probably lose. drains will be the deciding factor most likely in this game

ISB-
mostlikely a drain race.  dont go to ground newhere but hoth.  if doing ORS in space it could be a good game.

Dark Deal Objective-
drain race it could be bad.  Prolly most difficult match up.  They will definetly have some space but swarm x-wings work well at cloud city.  take cloud city over quickly and they r skrewed

CCT-
it shouldnt be to bad.  No 1 really plays that where i am so there is not much advice i can give.


UPDATE!!!
take out x assualts and add s-foils and another cannon 