---
layout: archive
author: ! Matt "Furry Fury" Mathison
title: ! "Jawa Renaissance"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-25
description: ! "This is the culmination of two years of playing Jawas.  It’s actually not bad if you give it a chance."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)

Agents In The Court/  No Love For The Empire

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber

Tatooine Hutt Trade Route

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Uh-Oh

Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice

Insurrection

Yarna Dal Gargan


Locations(5)

Tatooine Desert x3

Home One Docking Bay

Hoth Docking Bay


Charachters(24)

Kalit x3(Rep)

Tessek x2

Rkik Dnec

Thedit

Aved Luun

Geezum

Jawa x11

Ben Kenobi

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

Boussh

TK-422


Vehicles(2)

Skiff x2


Effects(9)

Bargaining Table

Bo Shuda

Underworld Contacts

Jawa Siesta

Sandwhirl x3

Order To Engage

Bacta Tank


Interupts(12)

The Signal x2

You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x3

Nar Shadaa Wind Chimes x2

It’s A Trap x4

Utinni



'

Strategy: '

Deck Edit 1 After seeing the initial reviews I feel that I should explain that it is impossible to play Jawas as a power deck now.  You have to be sneaky in order to win.  When I first built this deck right after Special Edition came out I played with like 20 Jawas and four Jawa Siestas.  This is not a dependable strategy in todays enviroment.  There are so many powerful chachters and forfeit reduce weapons that Jawas would just get tossed around like rag dolls no matter what you did. This is why I use the Sandwhirl strategy that I do as it is the last remaining strategy that I have found that keeps Jawas competitive.  Skiffs are by far the best way to go as far as vehicles. Trust me. Location wise I have never ever had trouble gettting enough sites. I know this deck inside out and it would take extremely bad luck for me not to get enough locations(all the Jawa specific location sound good but in reality suck). I can not outdrain a good Dark Deal although I have beaten some descent ones.  However, what I can do is beat Hunt Down, BHBM, and Scum a very high percentage of the time which is more than most light decks can say. 

End Edit


Begin by pulling D-bays using Insurrection and Bo Shuda using the Audience Chamber’s game text. Do not put any Rebels in the palace as it will give your opponent the opportunity to cancel Bo Shuda. Once both Kalit and Tessek are in the Audience Chamber drop a few Jawas to drain but make sure to leave four force.  When your opponent drops a some charachters to battle you cancel the battle with It’s A Trap and Sandwhirl them on your next turn.  This deck has good drain potential with Tessek making all force drains +1 where you have a non-unique Jawa and Underworld Contacts makes your drains uncancelable and unmodifiable where you have a non-unique and unique Jawa.


Explanation of cards

Uh-Oh + Bo Shuda + Order To Engage Protects Kalit and Tessek while severely weakening Court and MKOS

Thedit Adds a destiny when with two other Jawa and reduces attrition against you by 3 if your total battle destiny is greater than your opponents

Aved Luun Allows you to pull Utinnis and use them to cancel controls

Utinni Stops opponents attempts to control your Sandwhirls and can cancel a Tatooine force drain 

Geezum Lets you pull exterior sites

Sandwhirls deploy to deserts make non-Jawa and non-Tusken Raider charachters missing

Deserts Traps characthters by requiring +1 landspeed

Skiff allows Jawas to react and get through deserts

Tessek non-unique aliens drains +1 and deploy -1

Kalit Jawas are power +2

Its A Trap Cancels battles and Sniper for three force

You Will Take Me To Jabba Now Allows you to deploy Kalit and Tessek to the Audience Chamber from your reserve deck


Matchups

BHBM Make Vader come to Tatooine if he wants Luke then Sandwhirl him.  When the Emperor force lightning one of your spys drop the spy in the Bacta Tank.  Cancel his snipers with Its A Trap.  It will be easy to outdrain a deck like this


Hunt Down  Much the same as BHBM except Visage damage makes it harder.  Use Luke or Obi to lure Vader to Tatooine and Sandwhirl him.  Once Vaders missing both players take Visage damage but your superior drains and retrieval will give you the win.


Scum  Bo Shuda + Order To Engage seriously hurt these decks.  There aren’t a lot of location they can go without being Sandwhirled.  Make sure you have a Its A Trap to keep IG-88 from capturing Kalit or Tessik.


SYCFA  Hold off on putting down Bo Shuda if they are playing TIEs.  You need all the battle grounds you can get.  If they are playing SYCFA Scum proceed to destroy them.


This is really a pretty good deck and I have beaten all the main deck achetypes out there with it.  

'