---
author: Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: EBO FAKE IT!!!
side: Light
date: 2001-02-16
description: This is a false Ebo Deck that uses ... well read the cards and see... :)
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

-Starting Stuff-
Hoth: 1st Marker
Hoth: 4th Marker
The Signal
Echo Base Garrison

-Sites-
Hoth: War Room
Hoth: 3rd Marker
Yoda’s Hut
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4: War Room
Home One: War Room
Holotable

-Characters-
Oola x3
Artoo & Threepio
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Obi-Wan 
Han With Blaster
Leia With Blaster
Chewie With Blaster
Mirax Terrik
Coran Horn
Tawss Khaa
Figrin D’an
BG-J38
R-3PO

-Weapons-
Luke’s Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

-Ships-
Home One
Lando In Millennium Falcon

-Interrupts/Effects-
Frozen Assets
Draw Their Fire
Civil Disorder
Never Tell Me The Odds
Anger Fear Aggression
Out Of Commission/Transmission Terminated x2
How Did We Get Into This Mess x4
Ice Storm
The Signal x3
What Are You Tryin’ To Push On Us
Seeking An Audience
Houjix x2
Grimtaash/Shocking Information 
Grimtaash
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Scrambled Transmission
Effective Repairs
Tunnel Vision x2
Run Luke, Run!


Strategy: 

Greetings and welcome to another deck that I have made. Now I know what your thinking...Hey, you don’t have enough space...or how come your space doesn’t consist of Cpt. Han, Leia W/Blaster, Dash, Falcon and Outrider. Well to be perfectly honest with you they are not needed in this deck, as you’ll note thier are no planets in this deck either. With that out of the way let me explain a few things to you about the deck and the reason that I started w/certain things.

Okay, starting EBO let’s me get the defensive positioning for Oola, the scomp link for Artoo & 3PO (for How Did We Get Into This Mess) and the protection for Figrin D’an (remember him). People told me that I should start w/Rendezvous Point and add another ship or two and leave them their, I thought about it but then I don’t want to strand them in space at location where they could be more "usefull" on the ground or at another location.
You’ll also not that BG-J38 is in the deck, now your probably wondering (if you don’t know what he does) why is that in their. Well he adds bonuses to Holograms drawn for destiny. And he’s a Maintenance Droid so you can pull him with your starting Effect, which you now probably wondering why am I starting with that, well the key is getting Artoo & 3PO and BG out so that I can start makin use of their "game text" and "HDWGITM". Now I know there are only 4 HDWGITM in the deck, but w/a Tunnel Vision and proper placement of your hand into the used pile you should be able to track them throughout the deck.

You’ll notice some "Number" cards in the deck and "AFA" in the deck, these are in for early pop if possible. (I once had them out when I only had Artoo, BG and Luke Skywalker, JK out so it can work) Also the Effective Repairs is in there to get either one of them back for another use. AFA is more the one that you want back cause if you stay away from them then they must come to you and that’s what brings the Ice Storm in for...oh, poor Vader go poof... then you drop down on the 3rd Marker and Force drain for 2 a turn their.

Try to save the Juggernaut for going to them and battling one thing that you want to do if your opponenet is playing BHBM theirs a trick you can do if you don’t mind loosing a little force... drop Luke to the 3rd, let him drop Vader to the 4th move and get the son. Then when he moves back to the 4th the next turn you drop the Ice Storm and they both go poof. Granted you can only do this if Vader is not allready on the table. If he is then drop him to him. (I’m taking out one JK for RS to make them go back quicker as well)

As well you can see that the deck has its fair share of "tech" and some other nifty things, the Scrambled Transmission is in their for the Shocking/Grimtaash that way you can cycle through your deck and see what’s where and what’s in the reserve deck for destinies or whatnot. (try not to use this one unless you really need a Grimtaash) cause you don’t want your opponent pursing your deck and seeing what you have if you can help it.

The Holoboard, a once long dead card, is now more usefull, it’s a 2/1 location that can’t be affected by Revo’s/POTF and you can FD their for 2 w/ BG and Projection Of A Skywalker down there. Remember if you ’control’ the Holoboard you can take back into hand at any time a Hologram that’s their. 

Other than that it’s a simple deck for beating your opponent up, similiar characters as most decks nowadays and good Destiny to help the lower power if that’s what’s happeneing to you.

Oh and if your wondering about Battle Order and it’s effect on me. I can pay 6 to Force Drain for 4 I don’t mind doing that...unless they have space and I will drop my two ships there and leave them to FD for free.

It’s played against 5 people and it’s won (barely on 1 of em) so my match ups aren’t that high but I will put them below...

Against - RALOP’s

Can you say Juggernaut...I have him, Obi and Han W/Blaster running around on their planet and that pretty much stops them. Even if they do flip I can still put a hamper on their strength and again the Ice Storm comes in handy here. When they try and invade, and since most RALOPs decks are Imperial heavy Oola has a field day with them.

Against - BHBM

Well I allready mentioned how to stop it if you can. If not then play it as a Mains deck and watch out for the Imp.Commands and Tramples.

Against - COTVG

This is tough cause your limited w/people and most of the aliens are non-unique (except for BH’s) play carefully and conservitively because if they start capturing your characters your going to start loosing important cards and then the game. So do a 1 hit power if you can, and try to avoid the Jabba’s Palace sites (Non Shall Pass is a bad thing)

Against - Tie/Space

I just hold my one system and leave it at that. Most people don’t want to confront the Home One and LIMF, however if they do I will just loose my space, the DS Tie decks here, don’t do alot of FDing so I can drop my numbers and effect them more.

Against - Ground something

It’s like mains just watch out for the Tramples and/or IC and pretty much do it in one shoot.

Well this is another deck, please rate respectively and lmk if you have any q’s.

Thanks,

Cat "The Garindan Collector" Ceder 