---
author: Mike "Gotegas" Crawford
title: DIE LUKE DIE !!! v2.0
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-17
description: Country Grammar
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (9):

Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Holotheatre
Meditation Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Prepared Defenses
IOA
Mob. Pts.
Power of the Hutt

LOCATIONS (4):

Rendili
Cloud City: DB
Death Star: DB
Executor: DB

CHARACTERS (18):

Lord Vader x2
EPP Vader x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Mighty Jabba
Ephant Mon
EPP Boba Fett

BLUE STUFF (5):

Zuckuss in boat
Fett in boat
Bossk in boat
Dengar in P1
Chimaera


INTERRUPT (16):

Obsession x2
Circle x2
Operational as Planned x2
Masterful Move x2
Force Lightning
Omni Box & It’s Worse
Always Thinking With Your Stomach x2
You Are Beaton
Focused Attack x2
Holonet Trans.

EFFECTS (7):

Lateral Damage
Secret Plans
No Escape
Search and Destroy
First Strike
Visage x2

GREEN (1):

Mara’s Stick  

Strategy: 

First turn pull rendili using Mob. pts., get Ephant Mon with power of the hutt, and grab Ex: DB with IOA. Deploy Ephant Mon to Ex: DB for activation next turn.

Get Vader out as fast as you can. So you don’t have to loose force from visage.

Keep Palpy with his goons, keep Vader with Tarkin, keep Jabba with Fett and eventually move Ephant Mon to Jabba, and put Mara where you need her.

I know what your thinking, EPP Fett and ECC Fett!? just trust me on this, if LS is playing heavy ground use EPP Fett, but if LS is playing space heavy use ECC Fett.

Just Remember this, Duel luke and obi whenever possible.
- druid, Fett in slave1 is ECC Fett

-Mike ”Gotegas” Crawford-

