---
layout: archive
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Keeping The Empire Out Forever v 2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-13
description: ! "Extremely solid QMC that drains, battles, retrieves, and wins."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7) 

Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation 

Bespin 

Cloud City Guest Quarters 

Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Keeping The Empire Out Forever 

Squadron Assignments 

Battle Plan 


Characters(18) 

EPP Luke x2 

EPP Obi x2 

EPP Han 

Captain Han Solo 

Qui-Gon Jinn 

ECC Chewie 

ECC Lando 

EPP Leia 

Padme Naberrie 

Corran Horn 

Dash Rendar 

Wedge Antillies, RSL 

Tawss Khaa 

Ten Numb 

Elyhek Rue 

Pucumir Thryss 


Starships(6) 

Home One 

Millenium Falcon 

Outrider 

Red Squadron 1 

Blue Squadron 5 

Red 7 


Interrupts(17) 

Fall of the Legend x2

Throw me another Charge

Path Of Least Resistance x2 

Dodge x2 

Rebel Barrier x2 

Power Pivot 

Off the Edge x2

Narrow Escape 

Run Luke, Run 

Stay Sharp (Tech) 

Houijix & Out of Nowhere 

SATM & Blaster Proficiency 


Effects(5) 

Cloud City Celebration x2 

Menace Fades 

Bacta Tank 


Locations(4) 

Cloud City West Gallery 

Cloud City Carbonite Chamber 

Cloud City Lower Corridor 

Bespin Cloud City 


Weapons(4) 

Intruder Missle x2 

X-wing Laser Cannon 

Qui-Gon’s Lightsaber   '

Strategy: '

@@@@@@@@@@@Edit Start Menace fades not battle plan + there are 4 effects not 5


Playing Take control of Bespin early, and then turn to contolling the ground. Get your Run away cards in your hand, and Start draining and Celebrating. This deck drains for about 6 a turn, 9 if you have Pucimir Tryrss down. It retrieves three a turn, and it makes opponet pay three for each of their drains, and it cancels their bonuses. If they come to you set up a path/run luke run/SATM beatdown. Clear them out of coud city and continue draining and retriving. Great drain and retrivel potential. 


The Cards 


Off the Edge + Tackable 6’s You guys all know this track the six and retrieve 5 with a destiny one character.


Stay Sharp This card is totally tech. Take out a starship early, or just add seven to your power with an intuder missle. + it’s a used interrupt. 


Blue 5 + Ten Numb Deploys for 2 and has 6 power, put a Imissle on it and Fire your X cannon’s first and your weapon deatiny is + 7 track you destinies and you can hit the executor Great for holding the system, awesome combined with stay sharp and power pivot 


Matchups 


Huntdown If their podracing race with anikins pod and if you lose just retrieve all your force back with edges + celebration. Keep luke on table to stop visage, and just keep the drains and retieval going, and you should win. 


BHBM Give them luke. Run away from their Battles then set up a beatdown. Retrieve any force you lose, and drain them for tons. Shoot down any ships that come near, and don’t make any mistakes, and you should win. 


You May Start Your Landing Their drain bonuses are cnacelledm retrieve all you lose with Celebration, and drain for tins while they drain for nothing. Their walkers can’t battle at interior sites so no worries. Easy win if you don’t let them take the system. COntorl of the system is key It’s easy with the weapons, Power Pivot, Power, Stay Eharp, Etc. 


TDIGWATT Take the system away from them, and set up the beatdown, run away from battles drain, and retrive. They won’t be able to spred for dark deal because of the beatdown, and they won’t have CC Occ because you have the system. Tough game, but if you play samrt you can win. 


Improved now with more retrieval potential. 


Thanks for Reading and Reviewing     '