---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: Hunt Down and Destoy the DARK jedi
side: Light
date: 2001-02-14
description: Hidden mains deck that tracks, drains, retrieves, and wins. They keep trying to hunt us down. Why not return the favor.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1)

Hidden Base / Systems will Slip Through Your Fingers 

Locations(7)

Rendezous Point
Indicator(Kiffex) 
Chandrila
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Home One: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Docking Bay
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut

Characters(18) 

Obi-wan Kenobi x2
Obi-wan with Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Luke with Lighsaber
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol x2 
Lando with Vibro-ax 
Chewbacca, Protector
Orrimarko
Dash Rendar
Corran Horn
Lt. Blount
Tawass Khaa

Starships(5) 

Home One
Independence
Liberty 
Outrider
Spiral


Interrupts(19)

Fall of the Legend x3
Throw me Another Charge x3
On the Edge x2
Off the Edge x2
Out of Commision & Transmission Terminated x2
Fallen Portal x2
Clash of Sabers
Weapon Levitation
The Signal
Rebel Barrier
Courage of a Skywalker

Effects(6)

Do or Do Not & Wise Advice
Bacta Tank
Insurrection 
Staging Areas
Order to Engage
Menace Fades

Weapons(2)

Obi-wan’s Lightsaber
Anikin’s Lightsaber 

Admiral’s Order’s(1)

I’ll Take the Leader x2  

Strategy: 

Starting: Hidden Base is your starting objective. It starts you off with the Rendezous Point. Then Heading for the Medical Frigate starts you with three effects usually Insurrection, Staging Area’s, and Menace Fades, but if you expect SAC then start Do or Do Not & Wise Advice. 

Early Game: On the first turn pull Chandrila and Home One: Docking Bay. If you can get a cheap character down to Home One: Docking Bay, Otherwise just save your force for a turn. If your really low on the cards you need draw a couple. On your second turn pull the Tatooine: Docking Bay and Get a good amount of power down at the docking bay’s, and drain. If they come down for a beatdown fallen portal, Lev., or Etc. If you see a weak site of their beat them down. 

Climax: Get all you docking bays down and drain if they don’t come to you go and destoy them, if they come to you then they don’t have a chance. A drain of 1 at Chandrila for 10 turns can be a game winner. Track your destiny’s to win battles, and retrieve. Don’t be shy battle whenever possible, but make sure you can win the battle. 

Conclusion: Cycle back your retrival and drain. If they try to come back with a last second big drain beat them down with what you have left. Dont forget to use Order to Engage against space. 
If they are still alive then.
(Destoy whats left of them)

Remember: Hunt Down and Destroy the DARK Jedi. and mara, boba, etc.

Matchups:

Vs: Hunt Down: You will the one who will be hunting them down in this game, but remember to keeo Luke and Obi away from Vader. USe them on suicide missions early in the game. Drain for as much as possible and if they are sitting at a Dockign bay use your spy for a beat down. Use TT to cancel Visage and IF they come to space they dont have a chance against your capitals. Don’t worry about losing your mains because you have Bacta Tank and Retrieval. Track your destiny’s to devistate them in battles and retrieve. You should average about 15-25 force retrival. Once all their characters are dead they will ahve no retrival and you can take the game.

Vs. Court, MKOS, or SYCFA: If thye have a strong hold on the palace wait for them to shift their forces to you them take over the Palace. But if they aren’t guarding it strong then just take it over and cancel S & V. Otherwise stick to your sites and use Menace Fades to cancel their drain modifiers. Make sure to use your tricks to stay alive. If they ever do get you down just track and you can win battles and retrive all that you have lost back. If they have Tatooine out desroy them in space and drain them their to, but be careful BH ships are very strong, but they can be beaten with a little tracking. THeir retrival wont match yours and if you play samrt this should be able to win. 

Vs. TDIGWATT: Cancel their force drain bonuses with Menace Fades and if they play imperials destoy them with all your mains beatdown power. Drain at their sites and kill them at the Bespin system. Track your destiny’s and use your tricks and they don’t stand a chance. While their dying retrieve anything you lost and finish them off. 

Vs. Ties: Not very popualar in my area, but still very tough and worth mentioning. Use Order to Engage and Strike in their weakest spot. With Tracke destiny’s and smart battling you shold do very well in space. Drain for tons on the ground, track and retrieve. If they come to the ground they dont stand a chance. TOugh game,b tu when played right can be done. 

Vs. BHBM: Drain early and if you can kill the Emperor, but sometimes not very likely. Use Luke early and Give him up late in the game. Overwhelm them on the ground and make them lose tons to direct damage. If they come to space kill them with your capitals and drain for even more. Late in the game or when needed track and retrieve. Easy win if you play smart. 

Vs. Ominous Rumors: Menace Fades kills their force drain bonuses. Destroy them on the ground and try to get a good battle in in space by tracking. Drain at your docking bays and then retrieve any force you lost form their meager drains. WIthout their bonuses these decks can really be weak, but still be careful.

Hunt Down and Destroy the DARK Jedi.

Mains are unstoppable.

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing.   