---
layout: archive
author: ! Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: ! "Hidden Base Surprise"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-19
description: ! "High destinies in combination with the power of surprise assault that can destroy your opponent very quickly and turn the game in your favor."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

Hidden Base

Rendezvous Point

HFTMF

Insurrection

Do, or Do Not

Staging Areas

Endor (hidden base)


Locations (6)

Alderaan

Cantina

Dagobah

Docking Bay 94

Home One Docking Bay

Yoda&#8217;s Hut


Characters (14)

Ben Kenobi

Boushh

Chewie w/Gun

Corran Horn

Daughter of Skywalker

General Calrissian

KFC

Lando w/Ax

Luke Rebel Scout

Luke w/Stick

Melas

Obi w/Stick

Orrimaarko

Tawss Khaa


Starships (3)

Artoo in Red 5

Gold Squadron 1

Home One


Interrupts (20)

Fall of a Legend x2

Insertion Planning x3

Run Luke, Run x2

Sorry About the Mess

Strangle x2

Star Destroyer x2

Surprise Assault x3

The Signal x2

Throw Me Another Charge 

Transmission Terminated

Whaaaaaaaoooow


Effects (3)

Our Most Desperate Hour x2

Traffic Control


Weapons (7)

Anakin&#8217;s Stick

Obi&#8217;s Stick

Ewok Catapult x2

Intruder Missile x3


'

Strategy: '

UPDATE Dagobah is in there for activation.  I don’t care if my opponent gets a lot of force, in fact, it helps me.  If he deploys a lot of characters than surprise assault is able to hurt him more.  By pulling Dagobah first turn I get 4 more force and pull 2 zeros from my deck.



	I used this deck to help me come in third place in only my second tournament that I have ever entered.  It does not follow most standard rules, but it is able to deliver a power blow, especially when your opponent is unprepared.  To give you an idea of the destinies in this deck, here are the highest

	7 11

	6 10

	5 3

	Obviously, this deck is a destiny deck.  I use Hidden Base to pull my basic systems and give me the activation that I need.  On turn one I pull Dagobah, Yodas Hut and Home One DB.  On the second turn I pull Alderaan and DB 94.  I draw on both turns until I pull The Signal or Traffic Control.  Traffic Control is essential for this deck to win.  I will replace Do, Or Do Not with Do, Or Do Not/Wise Advice as soon as I can for added safety.  By the third turn all of the zeros except the Cantina are out of the deck and only characters supply ones.  With Traffic Control and my high activation I can search through the deck very quickly to pull out the characters and ships.  

I selected the cantina as my draining position.  With Ben, Lando w/Ax and any two other characters I have got a fortress and a drain of 2 or more with lightsabers.  I can drop down beat down crews with my EPPs or any ability 4.  Destiny of 6 or 7 is drawn, I can hit the highest destiny character with no problem and then draw enough destiny to take out multiple characters (highest destiny is 0 from lightsaber).  Home One goes to Alderaan to get OMDH running, and with all ability 4 characters except for Lando, KFC and Chewie I will retrieve large amounts.  

	Even if the OMDH does not work you can win with very little draining.  After one or two of the battles with the characters and high destinies your opponent will beef up his drain locations.  When this happens, surprise assault for a loss of 15 or more force.  This is devastating (Even in a game that I where I lost all of my characters from damage early I was able to surprise assault twice to pull myself back to a fairly close loss).  After one or two surprise assaults your opponent will be very careful when draining and the drain of two or three at the cantina will wear him down

'