---
layout: archive
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "A JUICED up deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-26
description: ! "This deck incorporates JURI JUICE...yes JURI JUICE. It’s A FUN DECK so don’t give me 1 star for a FUN deck please."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'-Starting Stuff-
Court Of The Vile Gangster
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Prepared Defense
Power Of The Hutt
Oppressive Enforcement/There Is No Try
No Bargain

-Locations-
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine
Jabbas Sail Barge Interior Site

-Characters-
The Might Jabba x2
Boelo x2
Ephant Mon x2
Mara Jade The Emperors Hand
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
Gailid
IG-88 With Riot Gun x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle x2
Boba Fett With Blaster x2
Jodo Kast
Ponda Baba & Dr. Evazan
Danz Borin
Snoova

-Ships-
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabbas Space Cruiser
Jabbas Sail Barge

-Interrupts/Effects-
Scum & Villainy x2
Point Man
Non Shall Pass x2
Juri Juice x2
Lateral Damage x2
Twilek Advisor x2
What Are You Trying To Push On Us
Jabbas Through With You x2
All Wrapped Up
Bounty
Search & Destroy
Secret Plans
First Strike

-Weapons-
Mara Jades Lightsaber
Vibro Axe
Dr. E Blaster
'

Strategy: '

---NOTE THIS IS A FUN DECK---

-MISTAKE-
When I started typing this I typed the wrong starting sites...they should be the AC, Great Pit of Carkoon and Dungoen...Sorry bout that. )
--- Drop the Tatooine Jabbas Palace and Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm for Great Pit of Carkoon and Jabbas Palace Dungeon and put them in the starting ---- again Sorry about that confusion. )

This deck incorporates Juri Juice, now that youve stopped laughing I will explain the reason behind this deck and a couple of the games that I played with this deck the other night. Its 2/0 against WYS... )

Heres the stuff that I posted to the Squadron Member listserve a few minutes past so that I dont have to retype it. )

Well anyhow Blair Franklin and I were talking about decks yesterday and I was sitting at my desk looking at the Star Wars cards that I have here at  work that I a mailing to Chuck Lund and happend to come across the Juri Juice (he collects) anyhow I read it and re-read it again and a light bulb popped (not really but you know what mean for those who know what I do for a living) any how thinking of all the new decks that are out that require ALIENS...I thought that this would be a GREAT card to play with so I whipped together a Court Of The Vile Gangster deck and looked at it then finally got some help from Blair and made the deck last night before going to the tournament to try it out.

So now that you see the deck...heres what Juri Juice does (the key fun part of the deck)

Utinni Effect
Deploy on any alien if Cantina, Mos Eisley or Jabbas Sail Barge on the table. That alien may not use ability in battles (if Jabe, she also cannont steal). Utinni Effect cancelled by moving that alien to one of those sites withough driving a vehicle.

So on to the games at hand. I played 3 games 2 dark and 1 light (light side is a battle WYS deck which need not be displayed)

I sat down and stared Court and the normal starting stuff and both my opponenets were playing WYS which was fine with me instant Cantina on the table. ~smirk~ the first game my opponent set up second turn w/a flip which isnt that hard to do if you have the right cards, however Lando w/gun and RFC were sitting @ the TatooineDocking Bay and Melas was sitting in the Cantina. I let him drain, activated and said go. He went forgot to force drain (which is nice) and dropped Cpt. Han in Falcon @ Kessel and said go. I dropped Scum and Might Jabba, Ephant Mon @ Audience Chamber and said go. He activated force drained and deployed Dash Rendar @ Corellia and targetted him w/Kessel Run but couldnt make the run yet because he didnt have the hyper speed. So I went activated and played my hand... I dropped Boba Fett With Blaster, Djas Puhr, 4-Lom With Concussion Rifle in front of Lando and the RFC, and played All Wrapped Up and Juri Juice on Lando and my opponent looked at it and read it then re-read it again and then said what the hell...and laughed for a bit I guess he didnt realize the potential...and other started laughing...then I just smiled and were like Cat...what the heck are you using that crap card for... Well when I battled I targetted Lando w/ 4-LOM to cancel his shot and he was about to draw destiny and I said you cant. He said I have ability of 4 and 2 smugglers. Yeah, but Lando has no ability at this point in time. He was shocked again I guess the fact of Juri Juice kicked in. He drew his one destiny for 2 smugglers and I played Jabbas Through with you and captured his characters w/All Wrapped Up on the table. His destiny was a 0 (site) and mine wipped him out so I brought Lando and an RFC back to the Dungeon and get some force back...he stopped laughing at that... The game went as normal I reflipped his Objective and he couldnt complete Kessel Runs fast enough and I just won out in force draining and capturing. The other highlight was when I put a Bounty on Han (who later came to the ground) and captured him w/Snoova and brought him in for the reward.

My third game, another Dark game went quite different same start and set up and he was playing more of a space version of the deck. 3rd turn in he dropped Cpt.Han on Falcon, Dash on Outrider w/Leebo, Corellia, Kiffex, Tatooine and Kessel all on the table. Obviouslly his was definately more space oriented. Later I found that he had Mirax, Wedge, Theron and Ryac for more space to play later (they never made it out) Well after saving force (have had Mighty Jabba, Ephant Mon, and Boelo sitting @ the AC w/Scum) I was saving my space for something more...and when I finally got the cards that I wanted I deployed against Cpt.Han & Dash in their ships. I dropped Lateral Damage on the Falcon (power - 0) then I Juri Juiced Dash (no ability) So now he had power 6 and only 1 destiny...which was nice so I dropped Zuckass in Mist Hunter, Jabbas Space Cruiser w/Danz Borin and Dengar...Intiated a Battle and retireved a little that I lost and he lost everything so Juri Juice went bye bye and so did Lateral fortunately for me I had the other copies in my hand. The next turn he dropped the Falcon again w/Han With Blaster this time and Leia, Outrider w/Melas intiated and I lost Dengar in ship and Danz for attrition he lost Leia. (his mistake) I deploy the other Lateral Damage and Juri Juice and my opponent just sighed...LOL...and again prepared to beat him down, only this time I dropped Bossk in Hounds Tooth to help out and that pretty much ended his space fleet. I moved them to Kessel and just sat their the whole game. He eventually came do the ground and I bountied Lando w/Gun and Snoovaed him and retrieved what he had been drianing me for.

So all in all it was fun for me and I got to use a comlpetely useless card, which is now usefull and I bet I will start seeing it played a little more... YEAH for me birnging back a card.

Well thats all critque me and let me know what you think PLEASE.

Thanks,
Cat The Garindan Collector Ceder
-If you have any Garindans that are missing their homes send them to me and I will incorporate them into the collective of 920-
'