---
layout: archive
author: ! Dennis "PCGSAlucard" Jeffris
title: ! "Ralltiir Ops TIE Swarm Drain Choke o’ Death"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-21
description: ! "the name says it all.  TIE swarm, restricts their drains, and causes death."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)


Ralltiir Operations/In the Hands of the Empire

Ralltiir

Jungle

Prepared Defenses

There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

Mobilization Points

Imperial Decree


Locations (6)


Swamp

Forest

Spaceport Docking Bay

Spaceport Prefects Office

Spaceport Street

Wakeelmui


Characters (19)


AT-ST Pilot x3

Commander Igar

General Veers

Janus Greejatus

Baron Soontir Fel

Emperor Palpatine

Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith

Darth Vader with Lightsaber

IG-88 with Riot Gun

4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Guri

Prince Xizor

Mosep

Snoova

Jodo Kast

Dengar with Blaster Carbine

Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle


Vehicles (4)


Tempest Scout 1

Tempest Scout 3

Tempest 1

Blizzard 1


Starships (10)


Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Saber 1

TIE Interceptor x8


Weapons (1)


Vibro-Ax


Effects (6)


Overseeing It Personally

Dreaded Imperial Starfleet

Sienar Fleet Systems

Secret Plans

Well Guarded

Expand the Empire


Interrupts (7)


Twi’lek Advisor x4

Imperial Barrier

Short Range Fighters

All Power to Weapons '

Strategy: '

---note  sorry, Jungle is not a start.  I stupid---

---note  I do not have any dreadnaughts.  If I did, I’d put them in.  Also, I was to add SFS Cannons but cannot find room---



Ralltiir Operations is still the best objective out there.  Every Light deck plays with Rebels.  They’re all deploy + 2 to Ralltiir.  The objective is easily flippable.  When it’s flipped their drains are -1, you add lots to battle destinies, and you can use 2 force to take ANY card into hand, which is awesome.  Here’s the best thing.  You can use Imperial Decree with the force drain -1 thing to make their drains = 0.  Here’s how you play this


Turns


1st - pull out Wakeelmui before you activate.  activate.  deploy sites from your hand / one from reserve deck.  draw up


2nd - deploy 1 more site, then deploy imps to all of them, if possible. move the characters around so you don’t die.  (if opponent moves to the ralltiir system, deploy the saber w/ baron or interceptors to take him out)


3rd - deploy ships to wakeelmui and ralltiir.  make SURE you hold your sites.  his force drains are now 0, or maybe 1, if they’re at a 2/2 site.


4th - watch him try to kill you.  you win


There is not much tech in this deck, but it does the job very well.  lots of retrieval with Sienar, if you get it out.  Cancel his early drains with dreaded imp fleet.  it rocks.  try it.   '