---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "SaVaC" Lundquist
title: ! "Qmc  Fun on cloud city"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-01
description: ! "one fun way to make your opponent wish he hadn’t gotten up this morning"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

Qmc/Io

Bespin

CC downtown plaza

Hftmf

Insurrection

Sqd. Assignments

weather vane


Locations (5)

Bespin Cloud City

cc lower corrador

cc carbanite chamber

cc core tunnel

cc docking bay


Characters (13)

SoS 2x

Obi with stick

Boushh

Capt. han

Dash Rendar

Yoxgit

Lieutenant s’Too Vees

Lando with gun

Lobot

Chewbacca the pro.

Corran Horn

Palace Raider


Ships (6)

Outrider

Millennium Falcon

Masanya

Z-95 Bespin Defence Fighter 3x


Vehicles (1)

Lift tube


Iterrupts 

Off the edge 3x

Into the Ventilation Shaft, lefty 2x

Fall of the legend 3x

Desperate Reach 3x

Lift tube escape 2x

Run luke run 2x

Carefull planning 2x

This Is Absolutely Right

Path Of Least Resistance2X

The signal

Control 2x


Effects (2)

Traffic Control

Bacta Tank


Weapons (3)

Luke’s lightsaber

Anakin’s Lightsaber

Lea’s Blaster Rifle

'

Strategy: '

At first glance i bet you wondering why should i bother with son of skywalker.  Well i tried jedi knight and sos just worked better for how i was useing him. But first, what you need to do to make everything work, turn 1 you need to pull out bespin cc, and the docking bay with insurrection. And hopefully you have a some of the more fun interupts and some characters in your hand.  Turn 2 you need to then focus on defending bespin with the falcon or outrider, and cc with the defence fighters.  Then the fun begins.  Once you have control in the air focus on ground to flip you obj.  Get the locations as quick as possable, you can use the obj. befor it is flipped to deploy locations from your reserve deck.  Then deploy lone characters sos workd great being able to pul a lightsaber from the reserve deck.  With Into the vent shaft lefty, you can initate a battle fire a weapon and then hop to the weather vane, cancleing the battle.  also you can duke it out and use fall of the legend to put you lost characters on the weather vane and of course you can put them in the bacta tank as well. and with off the edge you get easy force back.  And if you have your lift tube out put the palace raider in it as a driver, and look out you got a power 3 lift tube flying around that adds one battle destiny.  and if you want to run lift tube escape makes a wonderfull way to get away from thouse bounty hunters.  This deck is a trick deck and interrupts are what it uses.  But with you people always regenerating Cloud city should be feared.  The biggest enemy i had with this deck so far is a carbon freezing testing deck.  It started with jabba’s prize and that got rid of my han.  But i showed up the bounty hunters and managed to slowly kill them off and take complete control of Cloud City. '