---
layout: archive
author: ! Wilson "Your mom" Fisher
title: ! "MKOS (Many kinds of shmucks)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-16
description: ! "Hi there, welcome to my very first MKOS deck.  I hope you enjoy"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)

MKOS/FAI

prepared defenses

TINT/OE

No Bargin

Power of the hutt

tatooine desert heart

tatooine jabba’s palace

Well Guarded

"Ephant Mon" <--My rep.


locations (6)

Jabba’s sail bardge passenger deck

Tatooine Jundland wastes

Tatooine docking bay 94

Jabba’s palace Audience Chamber

Jabba’s palace Lower Passages


Characters (25)

Mighty Jabba

Ephant Mon

Boelo

Chevin x6

Darth Vader x2

Emperor Palpatine x2

Grand Moff Tarkin

Boba Fett w/gun

IG-88 w/gun

Janus greejatus

Sim Aloo

Guri

Captian Gilad Pellaeon

GAT

Mara Jade, The emperor’s hand

Prince Xizor

Gailid

Snoova


Big Blue (5)

Jabba’s sail bardge

Bossk in hounds tooth

Zuckuss in mist hunter

Dengar in punishing one

Chimaera


Effects (4)

Hutt Influence

Lateral Damage x2

Overseeing it personally


interrupts (9)

Control/Set For Stun x2

None Shall pass x3

Imperial Barrier x3

Abyssin Ornament


Weapons (3)

mara jade’s stick

vaders stick

snoova’s stick


Creatures (1)

Bubo

'

Strategy: '

hey Everyone,


Sorry about the weird upper case, lower case thing going on while I type. My key board is f*cked up....anyways


MKOS, yeah, got a sealed deck cheap (12 bucks) and made a MKOS deck.

Heres how to play it

First turn Pull Audience chamber, Mighty jabba, Ephant mon.

Second turn Boelo and another scrub

third turn Sail bardge, passenger deck and scubs for cheap.  

any turn anfter that By this time you have the emperor so start overseeing it personally with his little pimps with him (Janus and Sim)


The chevin’s all get power bonuses right off the bat with ephant mon and the chamber.  I made this deck to just whip watch your step, profit, and any other tatooine based decks out now (this deck is going to be ripped to shreds once Tatooine comes out). So yeah, protect your palace with the none shall pass’s and the imperial barriars.  Fun deck.  Play it. Give it 5 stars, I will update it at least 5 times this week due to tourneys and such.  Thanks for reading, WILSON



P.S. Remember, it’s only a game, so have fun. '