---
author: Mike "YaggleGakkle" Camp
title: Elom Cheese Zoo
side: Light
date: 2001-06-26
description: The cheesiest deck in the entire world
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (11)
There Is Good In Him/ Bop
I Feel the Conflict, Yo
Yarna Fat Lady
Tat: Podracey Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Chirpa’s Ghetto Pad
Endor DB
Anakin’s Pod
Jedi Ultra Happy Luke
Luke’s Cutting Dealy
Podrace Prep

Characters (16) 
Elom x16

Interrupts (16)
Effective Repairs x3
Neck and Neck
Nar Shaadaa Chimes x2
OOC/TT x2
Signal x2
Fallen Portalis
Fall of Legend x2
Losin track
Shockin Info/ Grimtaash

Starships (1)
Red Leader in

Devices (1)
Claw

Effects (13)
Never tell Me the Odds x4
Anger Fear x3
Goo Nee Tay!!!!
Baraginin Table
Hon of the Jedi
Insight Serves Ya well
Projection OAS x2

Epic Events (1)
I Did It!!!!!!!

Locations (1)
Endor:Back Door



Strategy: 

Response to reviews:
Veretech- You think it LOOKS like cheese? The title has ’cheese’ in it and the heading to the strategy is ’Cheesiest deck in the world’  1 star w/o an explanation? Idiot.

The Cheesiest Deck in the World

Most matchups are pretty much the same.  When playin Imperials, beat them down w/ a herd of power 4 Eloms and stack.  Against Scum, drain on Endor and kill them w/ Odds and AFA damage.

BHBM is really easy since they barely ever beat you in a duel since you have massive destiny so they stack every duel and you can cross vader.  Try to make Odds go off ASAP so they lose 12 or so 1st turn. 

Most decks are unprepared for something this wacky and will have half their deck gone before they can do anything, just stay under 13 cards in hand, esp. if they play Crush to pull Monnok.  Trust me, it wins games fairly easily.  