---
layout: archive
author: ! Ghost "Ghetto 6" Face
title: ! "Vul Tazaene- Super Pimp"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-01
description: ! "Who says the +4 screws over SAC, not when you got ability 10."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can


Locations (12)

Dagobah 

Dagobah Bog Clearing 

Dagobah Jungle 

Dagobah Swamp 

Dagobah Training Area 

Dagobah Yoda’s Hut 

Home OneDocking Bay

Kashyyyk

Kessel

Kiffex  x2

Tatooine



Characters (12)

Boushh 

Captain Han Solo  

Dash Rendar 

Elyhek Rue 

Luke Skywalker

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  

Vul Tazaene  x4

Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 

Yoda 


Starships (9)

Artoo-Deeto in Red 5

Home One x2

Millennium Falcon  x2

Outrider  x2

Red 7

Red Squadron 1 


Interrupts (11)

Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Out of Commision/Transmission Terminated x2

Sense/Recoil In Fear x2

Alter/Whatever x2

Smoke Screen x2

Nabrun Lieds x2


Effects (6)

At Peace 

Insurrection

Squadron Assignments 

The Way Of Things 

Wise Advice 

Yoda’s Hope 



Weapons (3)

Jedi Lightsaber  

Luke’s Lightsaber 

X-wing Laser Cannon  


Devices (1)

Luke’s Backpack 


Jedi Tests (5)

A Jedi’s Strength 

Domain Of Evil 

Great Warrior 

It Is The Future You See 

Size Matters Not 



'

Strategy: '

Ok, start The Way of things, Insurrection and Wise Advice.


Get the Home OneDbay out right away as it will be vital later on.  


Start the training, with all the bonuses, it won’t be entirely tough.  When it comes time to complete test 4, use the Objective to pull At Peace for a +3 to your training, unless you’ve already tracked a 5.  


After you complete test 5, drop a ship to the bog clearing and have Vul take off in it, dock with the Home One and move to the docking bay.  Now, since most every dark deck is running docking bays, Give vul the Jedi lightsaber and get 2 ships to Kiffex to double Vul.  Vul is now Power 6, Ability 10, Immune less than 8(10 if you add the 2 from yoda) and he has a lightsaber he can use for free.  Combine him with Jedi Luke on the ground and you have yourself an unstoppable Duo.


If you want, you can drop a card for a Klor Slug, give yourself an extra 6 power before destiny is drawn, and have it doubled.  Suddenly, Vul becomes 18 power, 4 ability and still immune less than 10.  Or you could jsut smoke screen for 10.


'