---
author: Will "enhasa" Price
title: Will’s (all natural) QMC/Podrace deck
side: Light
date: 2001-08-02
description: This deck is a work in progress.  I have just recently started up Star Wars again and am still a little shocked with all the new cards.  I played my friend and he flipped an "objective" which just freaked me out.  The game has changed a lot and
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Podracers (1)
Anakin’s Podracer

Sites (8)
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Cloud City: Core Tunnel
Cloud City: North Corridor
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Cloud City: Casino
Bespin: Cloud City
Bespin

Epic Events (2)
I Did It!
Boonta Eve Podrace

Obective (1)
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation 

Interrupts (16)
Podrace Prep
Grimtaash
Path Of Least Resistance x2
Rebel Barrier x2
The Signal
Yoda Stew & You Do Have Your Moments
Cloud City Sabacc x4
A Step Backward x4

Effects (5)
Cloud City Celebration
Keeping The Empire Out Forever
Beggar
Civil Disorder
Traffic Control

Starships (6)
Red 7
Red Squadron 7
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter x3
Cloud Car

Characters (19)
Cloud City Trooper x3
Luke With Saber x2
Pucumir Thryss x2 (Vital for deck)
Lobot
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Keir Santage
Elyhek Rue
Yoxgit
Trooper Utris M’Toc
Sergeant Edian
Caldera Righim
Hunchback
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Loci Rosen


Strategy: 

Ok... I am new to this site and I am probably gonna get horribly criticised for this deck.  Anyways, my strategy is pretty simple.  I start off with podracer prep (Play the Podracer Arena and Anakin’s Pod) and use my starting effect which is Keeping the Empire Out.  I use Bespin and Cloud City: North Corridor as my starting locations (I get Bespin through my objective).  I chose North Corridor because it is interior and therefore i can’t get ambushed by at-at or at-st attacks.  It also only provides one force icon for my oponent.  

On my first turn I will use Anakin’s Pod to take I Did It into hand and start the race.  During my deploy phase i will use my objective to use a force and deploy a site from reserve.  Usually I go fo Cloud City on the first turn.  Depending on the amount of characters in my hand, I will either draw up some force or save it for next turn deploy.  

Hopefully I won’t come up against any darkside racers.  Only one person that I know of in my area uses a Sebulba’s pod and has the race theme in his deck.  I can usually win thanks to some strategic use of A Step Back.

The key card in this deck is Thryss, he adds one to each of my cloud city forcedrains.  I will usually draw until i get him into hand.  What I like about this deck is that three of my characters will deploy for free.  Yoxgit is power three and deploys for free, Trooper Utris deploys for free to Lando’s Site and is power 4 when defending and also adds 2 to forfiet to my Cloud City Trooper there, And Sergeant Edian deploys for free to cloud city if Lando is there, and also is power 4.  He also adds one to battle destiny for each trooper present.  That is why I have the three Cloud City Troopers in her.  They make a great combo with Utris, Lando and Edian (If I have lobot out they even deploy for free).  Since I do not have Great Warrior in my deck, Caldera Righim is nice because he keeps my opponent from deploying only enough characters to draw destiny (he makes it so that they must have ability 8 to draw).  I chose Luke with Stick over other lukes cause he is power +1 at the Core tunnel and comes equipped with a nice weapon.

As for interrupts... I have all the Sabaccs in for mid-game retrieval.  If I can pull it off, I can make my oppenent lose a card and I can retrieve three.  Since I have pretty high generation, I won’t be pressed to pay for it if Secret Plans is out.  Path of Least Resistance is great if my opponent deploys a beatdown squad and I have to move away/get people there to help.  Rebel Barrier also keeps my opponent from deploying too much at once.  Beggar I threw in do put at the Podrace Arena so I can mess up my opponents force saving if he is trying to deploy a lot at once.  

I have found that this deck is pretty effective.  the big deciding factor is the Podrace.  If I win i play I Did It and I get some retieval/make opponent lose more force.  I can also sac Boonta Eve Podrace to retireve four more to make the race a 16 card swing instead of twelve.  My only weakness is space... but i can just flip my objective and quickly retreat away if i have to.  Also, if I find a lone star destroyer at Bespin I can deploy my Z-95’s and X-wings very cheaply for a major victory.  Against other decks it tends to be a drain race, but I usually fare well with the podrace/I Did It/Pucumir Thryss keeping my force retrieval going and my opponents force drained.  On some occasions I can even get out Cloud City Celebration and retrieve even more.

Well, this has only 58 cards, and I am definetly open for suggestions no matter how radical.  Please, i need some more ideas. 