---
layout: archive
author: ! Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: ! "Senate Deck of DOOOOOM 1 Version 1 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-14
description: ! "A version of my Senate deck, before I change it over to its next form {expect to soon see the Senate Deck of DOOOOOOOM: 2: Version: 1.6 coming soon}"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start [9]

My Lord, Is that Legal?

Boonta Eve Podrace

Coruscant Galactic Senate

Tatooine Desert Landing Site

Tatooine Podrace Arena

The Phantom Menace

Fear is my Ally

Sebulba’s Podracer

Start Your Engines


SHIELDS [10] 

Battle Order

Oppresive Enforcement

A Useless Gesture

You’ve Never Won a Race?

You Cannot Hide Forever

Come Here You Big Coward

Do They Have A Code Clearance?

Secret Plans

There is No Try

Allegations Of Corruption


Locations [1]

Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core


Imperials [3]

Darth Vader

Lord Vader

Janus


Dark Jedi Masters [1]

Emperor Palpatine


Droids [1]

4-Lom with Concussion Rifle


Vehicles [1]

Blizzard 4


Weapons [3]

Maul’s Saber

Maul’s Double Bladed Saber

Vader’s Saber


Aliens [1]

Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter


Maul’s [3]

Tatooine Darth Maul x3


Senators [13]

Lott Dodd x3

Yeb Yeb Adem&þ x2

Edcel Bar Gane x2

Orn Free Taa x2

Toonbuck Toora

Baskol Yeesrim

Tikkes

Aks Moe


Republicans [1]

Keder the Black


Political Effects [4]

Motion Supported

Accepting Trade Federation Control

This is Outrageous

Our Blockade is Perfectly Legal


Lost Interrupts [3]

Control x3


Used Or Lost Interrupts [7]

Podracer Collission x7


Used Interrupts [5]

Unsalvageable

The Point Is Conceded x2

Squabbling Delegates

Blow Parried











'

Strategy: '

The deck works pretty smoothly. Key thing is to remember which Senators do what, and when to use them, and how to use them.


For example, EVERY turn use Yeb Yeb. He is possibly the second best Senator. What he does is simple, he looks at the opponent’s top card, you can either replace it, or lose a force and the opponent loses a force. 


This is good in two ways, one it lets you see what their destiny is going to be, and two, you can cause force loss. Before you PodRace, always Lose it, because you’re gonna retreive the force right back anyway....


And speaking of PodRacing, you have 7 Collissions, you are almost guranteed to win the Race, especially with Lotti Doddi helping to get them for you.


And Speaking of Lotti Doddi....

Back to the Senators....


Lott Dodd is the best Senator EVER. He is a Tunnel Vision every turn. Almost ALWAYS use him, the deck can activate a good amount of force, so you are destinied to get something good each time you use him, if you don’t get anything good, you always have the possibility of getting a The Point is Conceded, which allows you to activate a force {replacing the one you just drew}, then track it and use that 6 for good purposes. Lotti Doddi can be used in so many situations, hes great.


Orn Free Ta is a great senator, for the fact that he deploys for 1, and though his game text is slightly limited, still useful. If you just drew the Emperor, and need him, take him into hand, or if you just drew the ONE ZERO in the deck {the Naboo site} then take it into hand, so you don’t have that zero floating around anymore. Also, the ability to use X force, where X equals the number of cards in opponent’s force pile during there deploy phase to take him back into hand is extremely versatile as well. If they save the one force to battle, and you fear a beat-down, at the very end of their deploy phase, use 1 force, {they must use 1 force}, and he goes back into hand, and then you can just deploy him next turn for 1 force.


Aks Moe is a decent senator.

Baskol is also good when you late game drop the Naboo Generator, and a roody-poo character there, she allows you to deal one additional damage.


Blow Parried is my defense agaisnt Lightside Lightsaber Combat, I’m not to afraid of it around here, so I think only 1 card is needed.


The Unsalvageable is decent, its a good way to cancel Out of Commission, and once I add the Starships in my next version, a good way to protect them from Power Pivot. 


I have SEVEN Podracer Collissions so I’m almost guranteed to win the race. 


I wish I had more Coruscant Mauls, but since I have none, I will do with the 3 Tatooine Mauls. 


As you can probably tell this first started out as an Episode 1 Deck, as it slightly leans towards the EP1 portion of SW rather then the normal Universe. 


Squabbling Delegates lets you go get a Senator {usually will be Lott Dodd unless you have him}.


Ummm.... this deck did just recently beat Drew Scott’s Profit deck that went undefeated at Worlds, so the deck is decent.


In my next version, I’m dropping the PodRacing "jank" and adding in Mara Jade, her Lightsaber, and some more beat-down cards, and some space to give it a better all-around feel to it.

So check back later, for the deck’s next upgrade.


Thanxs for the reviews.


'