---
layout: archive
author: ! Jordan "unibrow22" Murph
title: ! "My First Tourny Deck  WYS/TPCBALR"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-12
description: ! "I just made this deck for my first tournament this coming weekend and I wanted some second opinions on it."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting-7


Watch Your Step/....

Tat Cantina

Tat Docking Bay 94

Tatooine

HFTMF

Squadron Assignments

DODN/WA Combo


Locations-7


Corellia

Kessel

Ralltiir x2

Kashyyyk x3


Characters-17


Rayc Ryjerd

Wedge Antilles 

Leebo

Luke Skywalker, JK

Dash Rendar

Mirax Terrik

Chewbacca

Han Solo

Talon Karrde

Ralltiir Freighter Captain x8


Starships-9


Millennium Falcon x2

Pulsar Skate

Outrider

YT-1300 Transport x5


Admiral’s Orders-3


No Questions Asked x3


Interrrupts-7


It Could Be Worse

Rebel Barrier

Corellian Slip

The Signal x2

Nar Shadda Chimes/Out Of Somewhere x2


Effects-10


Bargaining Table

Rebel Fleet

Corellian Engineering Corp.

Rycar Ryjerd

Kessel Run x3

Traffic Control

Goo Nee Tay

Civil Disorder






'

Strategy: '

Simple deck, I’m not going to go through a step by step strategy.


This deck has pretty good destiny, and you can pull Kessel and Corellia which will drop the Zeros to only 5.

         Destiny #’s

	Zeros-7

	Ones-2

	Twos-5

	Threes-20

	Fours-10

	Fives-5

	Sixes-4


The eight Ralltiir Freighter Captains make retrieving 10 on a Kessel run easy, and only two turns long. Stick a Ralltiir Freight Captain on any one of the ships and make a Run from Ralltiir, and you’ll get a minimum of 10 Force back. 


The staring Combo prety much shuts down Sense and Alter for the entire game, not only when your fliped.


Two Ralltiirs and three Kashyyyks are there because they need to come out fast. At Kashyyyk smugglers deploy -2, and Ralltiir is needed for the Ralltiir Freigher Captains and the high Kessel Runs.


The two Signals make pulling effects fast. Put Rycar Ryjerd on JK Luke and let him pilot the Pulsar Skate. When he makes a Keesel Run from Corellia, he’ll retrieve 13 Force alone. 


Rebel Fleet w/YT-1300 Transports and Bargaing Table w/Ralltiir Freighter Captains will let you cancel two of your opponent’s Force Drains per turn. 


Any tips and suggestions are welcome, but please don’t just bash the deck unless you give the reasons why.  Thanks alot.



'