---
author: Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: EP1: Type 2: For the Good of the Republic!
side: Light
date: 2001-10-30
description: This is a Type 2 Senator LS Deck.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start: [8]
Coruscant: Galactic Senate
Coruscant: Jedi Council Chamber
Podrace Prep 
Brisky Morning Munchen 
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Plead My Case To The Senate/Sanity And Compassion 

Locations: [2]
 Tatooine 
 Tatooine: Slave Quarters 

Characters [20]: 
 Captain Panaka x2
 Horox Ryyder 
 Jar Jar Binks 
 Liana Merian 
 Mas Amedda 
 Plo Koon 
 Qui-Gon Jinn x3 {Tatooine}
 Ric Olie 
 Williams
 Sei Taria 
 Senator Palpatine 
 Shmi Skywalker 
 Supreme Chancellor Valorum 
 Tendau Bendon 
 Threepio With His Parts Showing 
 Yarua 
 Yoda, Senior Council Member 

Ships (2): 
Queen&#8217;s Royal Starship 
Radiant 7

Interupts (21): 
A Step Backward x3
Alter x3
Sense x3
Control x2
I&#8217;ve Decided To Go Back 
New Leadership Is Needed x3
Speak With The Jedi Council x3
Too Close For Comfort x2
We Wish To Board At Once 

Effects (3): 
A Tragedy Has Occurred 
Security Control 
Thrown Back 

Weapons (3): 
Panaka&#8217;s Blaster 
Qui-Gon Jinn&#8217;s Lightsaber x2

Epic Events: [1]
1 I Did It! 



Strategy: 

First off, you must win the podrace. At all costs, WIN THE DAMN PODRACE. If you lose the podrace, this deck will probably lose. As will ANY Light Side deck in the Type 2 Enviroment.

Secondly, once you win the podrace, gain control of the senate. Once you have gained control of the senate, and you have flipped, and you have won the podrace, you can gain a lockdown on your opponent.

Key cards to look out for: 
Coruscant Maul
The Phantom Menace
Keder the Black

And there is nothing you can do about thse 3 cards. Just try and keep them in check, thats all you can do. Hopefully, your opponent will make the mistake to use Keder before the podrace is over, so when you win, you retreive your senator right back.

Hope the deck helps you out as much as it did for me.

{PS, please do not rate this deck badly because it is Type 2 and it will not survive outside of Type 2, its not made to survive outside of Type 2, so thus thats why its a Type 2 deck.}

Thank you. 