---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "-AvataR-" Klammrodt
title: ! "Hidden Profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-23
description: ! "Very versatile Profit deck, I couldn’t think of much that could crack it. Try it, you just might like it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'1 x Profit From This Or Be Destroyed

1 x Audience Chamber

1 x Jabba’s Palace

1 x Home One DB

1 x Tatooine DB

1 x Hoth DB


1 x HFTMF

1 x Insurrection

1 x Wise Advice

1 x Your Insight Serves You Well


3 x Jedi Knight Luke

3 x Ben Kenobi

1 x EPP Leia

1 x Boushhh

2 x EPP Han

2 x Lando w/Axe

1 x Chewie, Protector

1 x Harc Seff

1 x Taws Khaa

1 x Corran Horn


1 x Red Leader

1 x Gold Leader


2 x Landing Claw


2 x You Will Take Me To Jabba Now

1 x Someone Who Loves You

2 x Run Luke Run

1 x Weapon Levitation

2 x Fallen Portal

1 x Old Ben

1 x Dodge

2 x Narrow Escape

1 x Yoda Stew/You Do Have Your Moments

2 x Alter/Friendly Fire

1 x Tunnel Vision

1 x Gift Of The Mentor

2 x Force Is Strong With This One

2 x Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach

1 x The Signal


2 x What Are You Trying To Push On Us?

1 x Ounee-Ta

1 x Honor Of The Jedi

1 x Order To Engage


1 x Luke’s Lightsaber

1 x Anakin’s Lightsaber

1 x Ben Kenobi’s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

BY -Avatar-


*Take out The Signal, put in SATM*


Profit decks have a way of being very similiar to each other, but there are important differences in all of them. Not to mention the player being the most important difference of them all ).


The deck was devised to combat on Tatooine on a limited front, holding in space, but taking as many sites as possible to push the envelope...


Thoughts


- Yoda Stew/You Do Have You Momemts Actually a pretty good card. Good vs Monnok, good to get a force bonus when ya need it. Second ability is really good with Ben, and has other uses.


- Old Ben Underused card. Since there are tons of decks revolving around Tat., this card makes a great addition to any of those deck. Saving on deploy cost is always good, plus can’t be barriered


- Landing Claws Good ol’ cheesyness... love this card, even if they play with Ghhhk/TRWEU, it’s very annoying to any darkside fleet.


- Taws Khaa Cheap, retrieve 1 force, get her with YWTMTJN, kill a character or 2 with tracked destiny, not bad?


- Harc Seff This guy wins games.


- Fallen Portal Wicked in this deck, you can use it at every site here except for the AC. Plus with 25 4+’s in the deck and YISYW, you might get lucky and hit vader.


Getting force isn’t as bad as you think. I’m only getting 8 force on my own, but almost all the time, the ds is giving away at least 2, at least. That means I’m really getting 10. Since when does profit need much force? It doesn’t. Staging areas is a waste of a starting card.



Vs Hunt Down Dueling or Non Visage will kill him. Don’t cancel it. You’ll retrieve at the beginning and you use less cards overall. His own card will do him in. Keep the drains even and steady. Don’t get beat, but why should you?


Vs MKOS Start OuneeTa instead of YISYW. Straight up fight. May the best man win. Alter Scum and you’ll be on even footing. Your characters are plain better and you’ve got resilience. So does he though ) BTW, you don’t have to reveal you’re playing Profit before sites are chosen. All are put out on the table at the same time. Ask him to put his starting cards in a nice pile and put your obj. underneath it all for a nice suprise look on his face.


Vs Court Same general strategy as against MKOS, but easier.


Vs BHBM Hardest fight of them all. It’s possible to win, but it’ll take skill and patience. Every deck has its weaknesses.


Vs TIES Drain war. Get started fast, keep it fast, use OTE and kill him at his own DB. Get those claws ready. 


Vs ISB Destroy him on Tat, and cause as much damage as possible early on. Those claws will really help, as he won’t know how much to reinforce in space. Maybe you can take down a SD as well and catch him off guard. The isb droid will be a pain in the a** so try to get him with the SATM(TV it if necessary), you don’t need R2+3P0. Probably be a close game, as both are resilient.


Tell me whatcha’ll think, cause I don’t think Profit gets much stronger.... but I might be wrong )




'