---
layout: archive
author: ! Greg "TychoCelchu" Shaw
title: ! "Deaf One Arms (No Ref3)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-22
description: ! "Uses character elimination during battle for some huge beatdowns."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

COTVG/You shouldn’t flip

Tat Carkoon Pit

JP Audience Chamber

JP Dungeon

Prepared Defenses

YCHF & Mob Points

No Bargain

Power Of The Hutt


Locations (3)

Death Star 2 DB

Tat DB94

Rendili


Characters (19)

Mighty Jabba

Boelo

Ephant Mon

Bib (JP version)

Gailid

Mara

Arica

Djas Puhr

Aurra Sing

Snoova

Ig88 w/gun

4-Lom w/gun

EPP Fett

Dannik Jerriko

Xizor

Guri

Dr. Evazon (Premiere version)

Dr. E & PB x2


Green (3)

Mara’s Saber x2

Virbo Ax


Ships (4)

Dengar in ship

Zuckuss in ship

Bossk in pimpmobile

Stinger


Interrupts (15)

Jabba’s Through With You

None Shall Pass x3

Barrier

Stunning Leader

Sniper & DS

Always Thinking With Your Stomach

Masterful Move

MM & Endor Occ

Ghhhk & TRWEU

Ghhhk x2

Overload

Control & SFS


Effects (8)

Scum x3

Luke? Luuuke???? x3

Disarmed

First Strike '

Strategy: '

**IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THE STRATEGY SECTION BEFORE REVIEWING**


**Edit**

Drop Gailid for an Elis. I typed this deck into Notepad, then tested/made changes. I forgot to make some edits before posting. Elis can move your utility characters like Dr. E and Mara around. Gailid isn’t worth it in this deck. Also change Dengar in ship for Dengar w/gun, or drop something else for Dengar w/gun. He’s a lot better in this deck.

**End Edit**


First of all, if you are a complete idiot, this is a Scum deck. That means no Vaders, no Mauls, and no Palpys. Do not give this deck a crappy review just because their aren’t any Mauls in here. This deck can still handle itself.


After the release of Ref 3, there aren’t many decks left for the DS. There’s mains of course, and some other "iffy" decks, but only a deck with constant retrieval can compete. Scum is one of the best candidates out there.


The main focus of this deck is to use Weapons/Characters/Interrupts/Effects to get rid of your opponents characters during battle and give them quite a beatdown, while getting some retrieval in as well. To do this you have quite a few cards.


Luke? Luuke??? This is one of the best cards in the deck. With all of the new super-rebels coming out, this deck will get a lot of use.


Disarmed Gets rid of sabers. This is also the reason to include a Premiere Dr. E, as only he can operate on a Disarmed character. This card is really good too.


Dr. E x3 Gets the job done. He sets up killer beatdowns when you stick someone with a weapon in the same battle.


Dannik Jerriko Works wonders against the new LS objective. Once you place a Jedi or two OOP, they won’t have much of a character base left. The best combo is Mara with saber + Dr. E + Dannik. Battle, slice their Jedi, operate, and POOP. Then Elis to the next site and repeat.


Anti-Battle cards You need None Shall Pass to stop the new Leia, she will walk all over you. If she makes it to the Chamber, your ability=0 and they can cancel Scum. After you NSP the first time, get someone with a weapon to the AC. When they drop Leia, you can Sniper & DS during your next control phase to kill her. Stunning Leader and Barrier are the practically the same. With SLeader, either your ability 3 or higher character is excluded, or your ability 2 character can’t fight the mains they drop to beatdown.


Overload Stops X-Wing cannons


Arica Stops drains. Don’t forget her ability to break cover during your opponent’s control phase

to swing at someone.


Gameplay

Your first turn, you should pull Rendili and either Jabba/Mara with the AC or Boelo with PotH. If they play DDTA, don’t worry about Rendili. Besides, you can either draw for it or pull a ship with your objective and drop it at an opponents system. Speaking of your objective, pull a DB first turn and don’t forget to make your opponent lose force each turn until they come to Tatooine. Also, your bounty hunters are immune to Goo and are forfiet +2 which is a nice bonus and explains why a few of the random guys are in the deck. For the rest of the game, just pile a few more guys in the AC, battle whatever they drop, and retrieve lots of stuff. The MM + Ghhhk combo works nicely as well.


Matchups

The good thing about Ref3 is that a lot of people will be afraid to play certain decks/cards at first. You may notice some cards are lacking from this deck (Coward, Code Clearance), but I believe that those cards won’t seen any use for at least a little while and it’s safe to play without them for now. With everybody afraid of the Shields, you won’t need to worry about inserts, Harvests, or Dagobah cheese nearly as much as normal.


Space decks Use recurring ships to battle and retrieve/whittle away at their forces. First Strike will be nice, as will TRWEU if they try to react. Any ship will do, even a lone Stinger (but try to play smart). You will retrieve 2 or 3, and they’ll lose 1 each time after you get out First Strike. Your ships will keep coming back so you can rinse and repeat. If you really fear HB, throw in Security Precautions and Hutt Influence.


Mains You should have fun. When you battle, you can either go for some beatdowns, or settle for lone character/Ghhhk combos. Luke? Luuuke? Will be huge when it can target almost every character in their deck. Your objective should hit them for quite a few in the beginning while they draw to look for stuff. Watch out for invasions in the AC, you might need to drop a few more characters than usual.


New LS Objective Mara, Dannik, and 4-Lom will really shine in this matchup. POOPing their characters will hurt them a lot, as will your mass retrieval to their zero-none. Be wary of their character elimination, they can use one of the locations or the Epic Event.


I don’t really know what else will be played post-Ref3, so I can’t give any more matchups. Thanks for checking out my deck, and PLEASE REVIEW FAIRLY. Trust me, this deck can hold it’s own against newer decks, playtests with Ref3 proxies have shown that. Hopefully I can make it to FCon and play a modified (with Ref3) version of this deck. It gets way better. '