---
layout: archive
author: ! chris "Putz" burnett
title: ! "ewoks have finally come out to play"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-11
description: ! "an ewok deck that is quick and furriest but most of all FUN."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10) 

AN UNUSUAL AMOUNT OF FEAR

TIGIM/ICSH 

I Feel The Conflict 

Endor Landing platform (docking bay) 

Endor Chief Chirpa&#8217;s Hut 

Chunk Master 2001 (Luke Skywaker, Jedi Knight) 

Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber 

Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Ewok Celebration

Strike Planning 


Locations (3) 

Endor Rebel Landing Site (forest) 

Endor Back Door 

Endor Dense Forest 


Characters (31) 

Ewok Spearman x10 

Graak x2 

Kazzak x2 

Wuta 

Chief Chirpa 

Wicket 

Logray 

Teebo 

Ithorian x3 

Threepio 

Obi-Wan w/stick

Daughter of Skywalker

General Solo 

General Crix Madine 

Chewbacca of Kashyyyk 

Corran Horn

Qui-Gon Jinn

Orrimarko 


Interrupts (9) 

Sound the Attack x2 

Nar Shudda Wind Chimes x2 

Yub Yub

Ewok Rescue 

The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach

OCC & TT x2


Effects (3)

Yarna d&#8217;al Gargan x2

Bargaining Table


Weapons (4) 

Ewok Spear x4 

'

Strategy: '

****UPDATE**** take out Yarna d’al Gargan or bargaining table for honor of the jedi and take out dense forest for hidden forest trail cause it is better


END UPDATE


First Thing you do is use strike Planning to get Madine and/or Solo. then deploy madine go get chewie if not in hand. then get wuta with chewie then pump out your sites with wuta. First Site I pull is the Hidden forest tail Cause it is 2 for me and one for him he the rebel landing site then last the back door.Deploy ewoks to the sites you need them at. the sound the attacks are nice to add a destany when your ewok is defending a battle and also to grab an ewok weapon. the Yub Yub for the canceling of dead ewok, imperial tyranny, or empires new order and you got to love the add one to the foreit. and ewok rescue for the reacting of 3 ewoks for free and don’t forget the rescuing of a captive for the people who don’t think that ithorians belong in this deck you are so wrong adding an icon for both sides at an exterior endor site. that helps the little fuzz balls so much. If the opponent don’t want to fight you on Endor don’t go to him just wait for your drains to attract him. Feed Him Luke so they Lose Force. as you see i don’t need much force to start the deck. so the objective making my generation 2 min won’t hurt me. 


WHAT MAIN EWOKS DO FOR POEPLE WHO DON”T KNOW 

If you don’t know what the main ewoks do here it is. Logray adds 1 to my destiny. Wicket excludes people from battle. Tebbo Adds 1 (2 if with logray) to foriet of ewoks. Graak makes Drain off the top of reserve deck. Kazak adds 1 to my drains where another ewok is present. Cheif Chripa can deploy my sentries from reserve deck. 



Match ups 

Agents of the black Sun 

Close game. first thing keep luke free until paply comes out or just keep him free. Get the good drains going asap. if they do capture luke it is a bad day for all of use (mainly him). ok he flips bad just keep beatling him on endor if he comes. But all in all you should be able to win and if you don’t it sould be very very close. 


SYCFA/TIE 

you should be able to win or come close to winning like before. you should be able to out do them in the drain race. 


BHBM 

Pray to cross vader asap with big drains off the top so it would be tight. keep away from all at-at’s and at-st’s cause you don’t want trampled ewoks. and win duels when he duels you to get cards on i feel the conflict. but you should be able to over power him on the ground with your power and if he is stupid enoth to drop a presence of the force at an endor site you will be able to take it over for better drains. 


Endor operations 

feed him luke and isolate vader from everyone else so he can’t get to luke so he needs to lose 2 force and if he does go to the site to tranfer luke just destroy him the next turn and then laugh in his face when he loses to ewoks (the real masters of endor). If he wants to build the death star then drain away at endor and beat him down. 


YMSYL

untill imperial drcree comes down you are ok with kazzak but as soon as it does you need graak to help with your drains since it is off his deck and can make him lose impotant stuff for his deck. drain drain and drain some more and hopfully win.


Senate

pray that you can withstand a beating crew coming down or beat him in his manipulation games and say JUST BRING IT AND DIE   '