---
layout: archive
author: ! Martin "Harbinger" Parzonka
title: ! "Harbingers Grip On The Galaxy"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-29
description: ! "Hidden Base with weaponry and a strikeforce."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Starting
	 1 Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
	 1 Rendezvous Point
	 1 (Hidden Base System)
	 1 Heading For The Medical Frigate
	 1 Squadron Assignments
	 1 Strike Planning
	 1 Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice

Locations
	 1 Aquaris
	 1 Coruscant
	 1 Endor
	 1 Kessel
	 1 Ralltiir
	 1 Sullust


Characters
	 1 Bren Quersey
	 1 General Calrissian
	 1 Dash Rendar
	 1 Elyhek Rue
	 1 Lieutenant Blount
	 1 Lieutenant Naytaan
	 1 Mirax Terrik
	 1 Melas
	 1 Nien Nunb
	 1 Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
	 1 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
	 1 Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
	 2 Obi-Wan Kenobi
	 1 Boushh
	 1 TK-422


Starships
	 1 Gold Squadron 1
	 1 Outrider
	 1 Pulsar Skate
	 1 Red 7
	 1 Red 8
	 1 Red 9
	 1 Red Squadron 1
	 1 Tala 2


Interrupts
	 2 Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated
	 2 Rapid Fire
	 2 Slight Weapons Malfunction
	 2 The Signal
	 2 Power Pivot


Effects
	 1 Haven
	 2 Kessel Run
	 1 Battle Plan
	 1 Lightsaber Proficiency
	 1 Strikeforce


Weaponry
	 1 Concussion Missiles
	 3 X-wing Laser Cannon
	 1 Luke’s Lightsaber
	 1 Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber


Admiral’s Order
	 1 I’ll Take The Leader '

Strategy: '

Strategy

First of all, choose whatever hidden base you want, I alternate between Kessel, Aquaris and Sullust.

Start by grabbing General Calrissian before you activate with Strike Planning, deploy Endor from reserve and use Squadron Assignments to grab Gold Squadron 1 and deploy them to Endor nice and cheap. Always deploy Kessel and Coruscant last, don’t want to be giving the opponent force to play with. If you get Haven in your starting hand, deploy Sullust with Haven on it, now you can get just about all your matching pilot/ship combos using Squadron Assignments deploying for just 1 force.

Basically just repeat deploying pilot/ships and systems each turn and then fortify Kessel and Coruscant for big drains. Also put Red 7 and pilot at Ralltiir for an extra drain. Continue Kessel Running (actually you can only do it twice if you have Outrider deployed) use Melas on Pulsar Skate to retrieve +4 force.

If your opponent decides to battle you, use Rapid Fire to pull a weapon, deploy it on a ship in battle fire it, and use Slight Weapons Malfuntion to add destiny.

Secret Plans is annoying but you just have to manage your Force properly and you will get past it, if you don’t have enough to pay for the retrieval you can always do things like choose not to use the game text of Pulsar Skate (it says may add ability) and just retrieve a little less.

I use the real Luke and Obi rather than the EPP versions because attrition pisses me off no end. It’s like you deploy EPP Luke to take care of two scrubs, you clear the site but have to forfeit a kickass card just becuse of some damn destiny of 1. Also I like the special abilities that Obi and Luke have, It’s fun screwing with BHBM with Luke, Rebel Scout and you’d be surprised how many times that, may cancel immunity to attrition of any vehicle here, gametext comes in handy.

Against major decks

HDADTJ Cancel Visage as soon as you can, using Transmission Terminated.  You have Luke, you have Obi, high destiny deck I wouldn’t be too afraid to duel. Plus you can retrieve. If they come to space, they won’t stay around long.

ISB Blount, Blount, he’s our man if he can’t do it... someone else probably will. Simple deploy Coruscant and throw Blount and some major backup there, they won’t flip, and as an extra added bonus, all Imperials deploy +2, OK that won’t do much against Outer Rim Scouts, but as long as they don’t flip it dosen’t matter. NB wait to see if they deploy Coruscant system first so you can convert it, and not have them convert yours, even though Blount can deploy to the Darkside version, you will lose the nice force drain.

BHBM Use Luke for suicide runs as he can be deployed from lost pile. If you want give them Luke, they will lose 1 each of there turns, plus with Luke, Rebel Scout Vader’s pretty much out of the game. It’s not likely they will win many battles, as you pretty much stay in space, you will also out drain them. Plus there’s the fact that you can retrieve.

RalOps Deploy Ralltiir from reserve deck and they will have a harder time to flip as they will have to come to space to stop you controlling a Ralltiir location, of course you will then pound them. Plus that -1 dosen’t mean anything with Strikeforce.

Drain decks Use TK-422 and Boushh to screw their major drains, and use Obi and Luke to beat up on people. Also use Battle Plan to slow down their drains.

”Use, play and enjoy the deck, for it is strong, and only the strong will survive.”
-Harbinger
'