---
layout: archive
author: ! Brian "HuntaWarya" Hunter
title: ! "Rape Prevention done RIGHT aka The Oompa Loompas Strike Back"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-30
description: ! "This is TJ Holman’s ls counter-deck to the Amish Oompa Loompa deck that he posted.  Just thought you should know."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Locations (5)

Endor

<Farm>

Endor Back Door

Endor Dense Forest

Endor Landing Platform (docking bay)


Characters (14)

Ewok Sentry x7 (the ewoks are leading the rescue mission)

H’nemthe

Lando with Vibro Axe

Mirax Terrik

Oola

Padme Naberrie

Princess Leia Organa

Toryn Farr (Chief of communications at the Rape Prevention Hotline)


Interrupts (32)

Away Put Your Weapon

Captive Fury (for when the oompa loompas strike back)

Closer? 

Dash

Don’t Get @#$%y

Ewok Log Jam (hey, the ewoks can strike back too you know)

Ewok Rescue 

First Aid (for helping out the oompa loompas who were already raped)

Glancing Blow (sounds painful)

Hyper Escape

I Have a Bad Feeling About This (and you would too, if you were the Oompa Loompas)

I’ve Got a Bad Feeling About This

I Have a Very Bad Feeling About This

I Have a Really Bad Feeling About This (okay, we get the idea, TJ)

It Can Wait 

Narrow Escape

Panic (that’s understandable)

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

WHAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOW

Path of Least Resistance (I don’t know which path that is, but I don’t want to)

Put That Down

Recoil in Fear

Shoo  Shoo

This is No Cave (you got that right)

Tight Squeeze (ewww)

Too Close for Comfort

Under Attack (the nastiest attack of the Oompa Loompas when they strike back)

You’ll Find I’m Full of Surprises

Unfriendly Fire

We Don’t Need Their Scum (Nobody wants to see their Scum, either.)

You’re All Clear, Kid

I Thought They Smelled Bad on the Outside  (don’t even ask)


Effects (8)

Descent Into The Dark (sometimes things go wrong)

Don’t Do That Again

Eject  Eject

Let’s Keep a Little Optomism Here

Nick of Time

Our Most Desperate Hour

Access Denied (with any luck)

Uh-Oh


Objective (1)

Local Uprising/Liberation


'

Strategy: '

Okay, so this is the deck that TJ Holman designed to stop the Amish Oompa Loompa Raping Juggernaut.  So far, this is the only deck that has ever managed to win a game vs. the Oompa Loompa deck.  Apparently TJ is vehemently against the raping of Amish Oompa Loompas, and ONLY approves of the raping of little boys (A hobby which, as we all know, TJ participates in VERY regularly), so he made this deck to try and prevent the aforementioned raping of Amish Oompa Loompas.  If you are unfamiliar with the original Amish Oompa Loompa raping deck, you can find it on TJs member page (Techmaster).  Since TJ posted the Amish deck yesterday, it is a safe bet that many strong players will be using it at Gen Con for the Continental Championships.  So if you hope to have any shot at stopping the Amish machine, this is your best bet. 


As you can see, the rescue of the Oompa Loompas is led by the Ewoks.  They are accompanied by several women who were outraged over the raping of Amish Oompa Loompas (some of which are anti-male anyway, like H’nemthe and Oola.)  Lastly, they are accompanied by Lando, apparently because TJ thought the Vibro-weapon would come in handy during the long trek through the forests of Endor.  


Once you’ve deployed your Ewoks, you can use the endor docking bay to transit your forces onto Cloud City to stop the raping of Amish Oompa Loompas (as you can see, the deck TJ posted contains the CC docking bay, so no problem)  You have a good range of interrupts and effects that can help you to save the Oompa Loompas from the tyranny of Watto and his buddies.  Once you free the Oompa Loompas (ugnaughts), they cross to the light-side and can help you fend off the remaining bad guys who might seek to rape the Amish.  


That sums up the basic strategy.  If you have any other questions, just dmail TJ himself, as he is the master, and designer, of this deck.  I’m sure he’d also be happy to help if you need any assistance in finding local hangouts for small boys.  (This deck is not the only thing that TJ is master of.)  And if you are a small boy yourself, then TJ will just be that much happier to hear from you.  Enjoy the deck, I know TJ does.


Hunter '