---
layout: archive
author: ! Jack "Jurgen" The beast
title: ! "Court of Cyclops cupture-Deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-18
description: ! "Battle, Capture, Feed the creatures and retrieve"
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

'

Starting
	 1 Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
	 1 Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
	 1 Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
	 1 Jabba’s Palace Rancor Pit
	 1 Prepared Defences
	 1 All Wrapped Up
	 1 No Bargain
	 1 Mobilization Points

Locations
	 1 Death Star 2 Docking Bay
	 1 Executor Docking Bay
	 1 Tatooine Docking Bay 94
	 1 Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon

Characters
	11 Abyssin
	 1 Bane Malar
	 1 Boba Fett
	 1 Bossk with Mortar Gun
	 2 Chall Bekan
	 1 Darth Vader With Lightsaber
	 1 Djas Puhr
	 1 Gailid
	 1 IG-88 With Riot Gun
	 1 Jabba
	 1 Jodo Kast
	 1 Kithaba
	 1 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
	 2 Myo
	 1 Zuckuss

Creatures
	 1 Rancor
	 1 Sarlacc

Interrupts
	 2 Abyssin Ornament
	 1 Aiiii Aaa Aggggggggggggg
	 2 Elis Helrot
	 1 Jabba’s Twerps
	 2 Trap Door
	 2 Twi’lek Advisor

Effects
	 1 Den Of Thieves
	 2 Scum And Villainy
	 1 We’re The Bait

Weapons
	 2 Dengar’s Modified Riot Gun
	 1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
	 1 Thermal Detonator


'

Strategy: '

Deck Strategie

In your starting hand you should get at least 2 or 3 Abyssins If you get the chance to deploy one alien (or two if youplay against Profit), deploy Jabba (and Myo). During the first three turns find the three docking Bays and control Death Star and Executor Docking Bay With one singel Abyssin (Force generation + 2 there)
If you have enough force , deploy more aliens at Tatooine, get Scum and Villainy with Twi’leck Advisor and deploy it. If you also have Myo on Audience Chamber, Abyssins deploy for free, are power 4 () and forfeit 5.
You should also get a few Bounty Hunters on tabel. Whenever opponent forfeits a character, let a Bounty Hunter capture it with All Wrapped Up, flip, deploy Rancor or Sarlacc, let one of them eat your captive and retrieve much force. Abyssin Ornament should help you to find more Abissins, and retrieve force later in the game.
You also retrieve two force if you initiate a battle (With Scum and Villainy)
Darth vader is only a last help, Deploy him, battle and forfeit him

If opponent is not at Tatooine, try to reach him at the oter planet, battle, capture and get back to Tatooine with Elis Helrot.

If you can not get to your opponent, do not worry Drain him to death with Gaillid at Audience Chamber.(Force Drain +1 at Jabbas Palace sites) In this case, do not deploy any creatures at Tatooine and also drain at the Rancor Pit and at the Dungeon. Opponent also loses one force at end of each of his deploy phases with your objective that will not flip this game.

If you are bothered by opponents #%$*=*&^$%#@-characters at the Audience Chamber, just dump them in the Rncor Pit with Trap Door.

That is all, May the force be with you. '