---
layout: archive
author: ! Jon "Wow" Bragg
title: ! "Wow’s The Man Deck Version-States"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-16
description: ! "Here’s my MKOS deck I’ve played since the release of JPSD, and is soon to be retired with the Tat. Expansion. Uses Amanaman and Amanins."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'General Starting (9)

MKOS/FI

Tatooine Desert Heart

Tatooine Jabba’s Palace

Well Guarded

Prepared Defenses

No Bargain

Power of The Hutt

Secret Plans (very subject to change)

Amanaman (rep)


Locations(2)

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber

Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages


Effects(7)

Reactor Terminal

Hutt Influence

Den of Theives

First Strike

Scum + Villany

Resistance()

Something Special Planned For Them()


Interrupts(14)

None Shall Pass x5

Imperial Barrier x2

Twi’leck Advisor x2

Abyssian Ornament/Wounded Wookiee

Abyssian Ornament

Ghhk/These Rebels Won’t Escape Us

Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch

Jabba’s Twerps


Characters(23)

Amanaman x3 (plus 1 starting)

Amanin x6

Jabba (SE) x2

Galid x2

4-Lom w/ Gun

Bib Fortuna

Ephant Mon

Boelo

Chall Bekan

Mosep

Snoova

Prince Xizor

Guri

CC Engineer


Ships(5)

Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Dengar in Punishing One

Boba Fett in Slave 1

IG-88 in IG-2000

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter


Average Destiny Before Flip 3.5

After 5.5 '

Strategy: '

Hey everyone, it’s Wow, and this is my deck I played for the Mass. States. It went 1-2 +4, it could have went 2-1 but I lost one game by my own stupid mistake, and should not be accounted in rating the deck.


First let me answer a few basic questions I always get


Why Amanaman?

Amanaman has the ability for 2 force to basically play OOC to someone you just killed + adds one to attrition where he is for each person you behead. Combined with the +2 destines attrition becomes enormous and Luke, Obi + Friends can be placed out of play. His worshipers are destiny 3 and he’s destiny 2 which isn’t a skrillings deck, but isn’t bad.


Why are you playing 5 NSPs and 2 Barriers?

After a second turn AC beatdown from star player Eric Hunter (that version had 3 nsp and 1 barrier) I learned that I needed to get one of them in my opening hand and at least by the end of my 2nd turn. they are both used except for when ounee ta is out and cost 0/1 respectively and when combined with No Bargain, is a good combo.


Why A CC Enginner, no one plays Profit

ya, actually people do play profit, I think about 3-4 people at Mass States played it. AITC is also somewhat popular, plus he’s a non-unique and when with an Amanin reduces attrition by 2 with Hutt Influence


Why IG in Ship and not Ig With Gun?

This deck is not made to do any ground invasion, quite simply you set up the AC, flip and hold the outside JP site, then get a destiny drawing guy at the LC with a scrub and then move the desert. The only time I’ll ever go after the enemy is in space. I have 5 ships which can take down most things in space, and with a few of them together you can get attrition of 15+ and take out super falcon (which this deck has done) Ig With Gun is a good card, but I’d rather have an extra +2 destiny in space.


Why No Snoova Axe?

Wasted Card Spot with Weapon Levs so dominant.


Why Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch?

Defensive Fire is a fun card, and Hutt Smooch is needed against Boussh.


Why Resistance?

3 Words EBO and Numbers


Where’s Mara?

Not in your bed, and that’s all that matters. Oh ya, she’s not that great, suspends NSP/No Bargain and requires a stick, I’d rather not.


Why Not Abyssians?

Because everyone and their brother is playing Myo and the Abyssians, and frankly, I’m sick of seeing Myo everytime I start against MKOS.


Ok, now that that’s over with


Alternate Starts


VS WYS Start Something Special, Harvest/On The Edge save that deck, you don’t want them in a loop

VS Training If you suspect a training deck start Special too, On The Edge is used alot in that deck with the tracked 7 on the Jedi Test.

VS AITC Start LC instead of TatJP


How To Play


Turn 1 Deploy JPAC (JPLC as backup). Deploy Jabba from Reserve (if Jabba in hand deploy Chall, if in used wait a turn), deploy any effects you get, depending on who’s out and how much force you start with deploy either Ephant or Hutt Influence from reserve deck (Boelo if you get both in hand). Make sure you have a NSP

Turn 2 Deploy remaining "crew" to AC (Jabba, Ephant, Bib, Boelo and an Amanin). Be sure to count your Galids each turn because he has to get out. Twi’leck for Scum + Vill. (or Den of Thieves if it’s already out)

Turn 3 Generally you’ll want to flip now, get a few aliens to the outside of JP, and deploy a scrub to the LC and move for free outside.

Turn 4-> Continue to set up drains, Ideally you should drain for 6 off top, retrieve an Amanin, block 2 drains a turn, deploy your Amanins on Bounty Hunter ships to kill them for attrition (they are forfiet 3 each so 2 will eat a 6). Each time you battle you should retrieve 1-3 which is great.


Things To Remember (AKA the scrub mistakes I have made that lost me my games)


Boussh can be NSPed

POTH works ONLY DURING YOUR DEPLOY PHASE (activating 3 turn 5 is not cool)

If you still have some of a lost pile and a ton of Amanins late game, deploy them and Abyssin Ornament.


VS Decks

WYS Palace Raiders (and basically all versions) They are Aliens, deploy for normal, and can’t be NSPed, whatever you do, DON’T Battle Them, move inside and try to take over the Cantina where they can’t react. Also try a large scale (like 4 or 5) BH ship beatdown at Tat if you can. Retrieve every turn and pray.

AITC (mainly Jawas) If it’s a little kid try to tell them that Amanins eat Jawas until they cry that the jawas are about to be eaten. If not, you lose. Sorry. Start the LC and try to hold that site and leave Galid at BoShuda land as long as OTE isn’t out. Jawas are mean, oh yes remember they need 1 force from you too

Mains(Hidden Base/Y4) Set up your drains and keep NSPing/Barriering them. if they set up like 1 or 2 dbs just block them every turn. If they set up Menace Fades try and do a BH ship beatdown.

QMC I’ve never played a Great QMC, but the 2 games I have played QMC I won by like 20 and 28. Just try and take the system or the scrubs on the ground. Play your game not theirs if you can.

Training Never played Traning, but you should be able to take them pretty quickly with drains off the top. watch out for crazy stuff

#S Deploy Resistance. Win.

EBO Deploy Resistance, drain off top, try and outretrieve, outdrain, outlast (sounds like Survivor)

Hidden Base Flip Deploy Resistance/Hutt Influence, laugh when they flip as it does them little good not being able to block drains.

DBO Just play and win.

MBO Defend the Death Star at all costs oh wait, it’s MBO.

Profit Start Jabba + Chall (Grab CC Engineer). Deploy -2 to AC fun stuff.

RTP Let them do whatever they do and you do whatever you do. Try and outdrain.

Anything else Stick with the game plan.



If you have any questions feel free to dmail me/ask in ratings.


May The Force Be With You

Jon "Wow" Bragg '