---
layout: archive
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "The Great EBO Fake Out revised"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-03
description: ! "After reading some helpful reviews, I’ve changed it a little bit... hopefully it’ll work better."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4) 


Hoth Main Power Generators 

Hoth North Ridge 

The Signal 

A New Secret Base 


Locations (6) 


Kiffex

Dagobah 

Dagobah Yoda&#8217;s Hut 

Hoth Echo Command Center 

Cloud City Downtown Plaza

Endor Back Door


Starships (7) 


Home One 

Outrider 

Green Squadron 3 

Tala 1 

Tala 2 

Millenium Falcon 

Red Squadron 1


Characters (21) 


Captain Han Solo 

Dash Rendar 

Lieutenant Page 

Luke with Lightsaber 

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 

Leia with Blaster Rifle 

Owen Lars & Beru Lars 

General Crix Madine 

Lieutenant Blount 

Chewbacca, Protector 

Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 

Colonel Cracken 

Tycho Celchu 

Orimaarko 

Tawss Khaa 

Admiral Ackbar 

General Calrissian 

Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2 

Corran Horn 

Oola


Effects (5) 


Squadron Assignments 

Bacta Tank 

Honor of the Jedi 

Docking and Repair Facilities 

Hiding In the Garbage 


Admiral&#8217;s Orders (1) 


I&#8217;ll Take the Leader 


Interrupts (16) 


Rebel Leadership

It Could Be Worse x3 

The Signal x2 

Nabrun Leids x2 

Rebel Barrier x2 

The Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach x2 

Free Ride 

Fallen Portal 

Visored Vision 

Careful Planning  '

Strategy: '

----Cloud City Downtown Plaza is dark side.  I knew that, really.  Put in something cool----



This deck is used for mass activation and beatdowns.  I wanted to make it original, not boring ol’ WYS, TIGIH, or normal EBO.  I don’t have multiples of LSJK or Han with Blaster, so you can substitute as needed.


Here it is, 2nd day out, 2nd revision.  Anyways, I took out Kal Falnl for Oola to get rid of some of the big baddies before they can come down.  I got rid of some worthless locations and put in Kiffex, and Endor Back Door to drain for 2 at each.  Play this reactively (except for Kiffex and Back Door).  Make sure you use the battle gimicks effectively and use your spies wisely.  Trust me, you’ll win.   '