---
author: Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: My Kind Of Abyssin
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-06
description: This deck just plain kills.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:8
MKOS/FAI
Tat: Desert Heart
JP: Audience Chamber
Well Guarded
Prepared Defences
No Bargain
YCHF
First Strike

Characters:21
Boba Fett w/gun
Bossk w/gun
Jabba the Hutt x2
Jodo Kast
Dengar w/gun
Bib Fortuna
Myo x3	(Rep)
Abyssin x11

Starships:5
Bossk in Ship
Boba Fett in Ship
IG-88 in Ship
Dengar in Ship
Zuckuss in Ship

Effects:
Security Precautions
Scum and Villainy
Hutt Influence
Den of Thieves
Reactor Terminal
There’ll be Hell To Pay x2

Interrupts:12
Ghhhk x2
Abyssin Ornament x3
None Shall Pass x2
Projective Telepathy x2
Twi’lek Advisor x3

Locations:4
JP: Lower Passages
JP: Dungeon
JP: Entrance Cavern
Tat: Jabba’s Palace 

Strategy: 

OOPS!  I forgot to write in these three cards:  Gailid, Mosep, and IG-88 w/gun

IRTR: Scratch Bossk w/gun for Power of the Hutt, which you start in place of No Bargain.  Also, start Tat: JP in place of the AC. You happy now!?   I play Jabba TH instead of plain Jabba or Mighty Jabba because of the activation thing in his text.  Jodo Kast IS necessary because he is a Bounty Hunter and as long as he is with an Abyssin they will draw a battle destiny and there drain will be protected by Hutt Influence.
I wish I had room for another Bib but I dont think its necessary right now.

Other than the fact that the  he gave me a five star, Climax_Giver is a Freakin’ Idiot.  I have a SECURITY PRECAUTIONS which can be pulled with YCHF.  Duh!

I have played this deck and I know it works because its 7 and 0 against six four star and one 3 and a half star in tournament play.  Its margins of victory are:  Profit by twenty-six, X-wing swarm,the only tough battle, by two, RST by 26, TIGIH by 24, EBO by twenty-eight, Hidden ops by twenty-seven, and a Revo. deck by 31.  Its pretty simple to play and doesnt require too much difficult destiny tracking until later in the game.  Your goal is to drain/battle them out without being too dependant on either one.  I use a very nice little machine that my friend Josk Gatrez cooked up for me that helps me battle better.  What you do is get out S and V ASAP and start deploying your Bounty Hunters and Jabba/Gailid and Mosep/Bib Fortuna.  Save the Abyssins for canceling drain, Den of Thieves, and later in the game, fining there weakest ground point and deploying six Abyssin for one force each and mutilating them.  Now back to the machine.	It combines these five cards: Projectives Telepathy, S and V, First Strike, Abyssins and Ghhhk.  What you do is deploy something to a place that the opponent has presence, on the ground, deploy an Abyssin and  initiate battle.  You retrieve three force do to S and V/First strike and they lose one force.  You then can either cancel the battle with a Pro. Tel. or continue, lose the Abyssin and regenerate him and Ghhhk away the rest of the battle damage.  You can also do this in space even against an X-wing swarm.  Deploy Dengar, Bossk and IG-88 in their ships at different places.  Put Bossk at there weakest point along with one other ship and deploy dengar or IG by themselves.  Fight with Bossk and co. and Cancel the Battle with Dengar, then move them all together and they wont be able to knock you down.  Repeat as necessary.  Some people may think I have low activation but I dont really.  Thanks to Jabba himself I activate 1 force every time I drain with an alien so drain even if your draining for nothing.  Thanks to No Bargain and None Shall Pass anyone who attempts to invade will have a bear of a time trying to keep their people alive.  I can swarm them with abyssins from the Den of Thieves and unless (1) they have the system on table (I dont put it in the deck) or (2) they are playing Nabrun Leids they cant run and they cant hide.  You will try to have flipped by your third turn which should be no problem.  I have Reactor Terminal so you can recycle all those lovely high destinys (the average red card destiny in this deck is a four).  Dont do much battling until your deck is down to about 18-20 cards with about 50% five destinies and clump them together using Reactor Terminal and track them so those nice little X-wings can swarm only to find themselves facing 12+ attrition with no ammunity.  Sec. Precautions will screw those Hidden Base deck royally.  Hutt influence will cut any nonsense about canceling my drains because I just match one Abyssin w/ one Bounty Hunter and they cannot stop me.  Ive got to go now but I will add anything I think of later ASAP.  Thanks for taking the time to read this.   