---
author: Robert "Turin" Werbicki
title: The Liberty Cycle
side: Light
date: 2001-06-28
description: A powerful and original deck. Me and my friend (Mike Kimosh) have been trying to make an MBO that works and this is the version we have come up with. If you have seen a deck like this before it’s because Mike posted an earlier version of it.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Massasi Base op’s/One In A Million
Yavin 4
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Great Shot Kid

Locations (6)
Death Star
Death Star Trench
Yavin 4 War Room
Yavin 4 HeadQuarters
Kessel
Kiffex

Characters (15)
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
General Solo
Luke Skywalker
Luke Skywalker,Jedi Knight
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles,RSL
EPP Obi x2
Arcona x2
Corporal Beezer
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
ASP Droid x2

Starships (9)
Home One
Liberty x2
Independence
Gold Squadron 1
R2D2 in Red 5
Red Squadron 1
Red Leader In Red 1
Outrider

Weapons (3)
XWing Cannon
Proton Torpedoes
Portable Scanner

Effects (4)
Honor Of The Jedi
Menace Fades
Order To Engage
Battle Plan

Interupts (15)
The Signal x2
Houijix
Hoijix/Out Of Nowhere
Tunnel Vision x2
Noble Sacrifice
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
It Could Be Worse x2
Clash Of Sabers
Power Pivot
Rebel Barrier x2

Other (1)
Attack Run 

Strategy: 

  UPDATE:
Take out both of the A Jedi’s Resiliences for the Bacta Tank and Corran Horn. While Bacta Tank may be expensive it works to save ALL of your guys, not just Obi and Jedi Luke. Corran Horn because he kills Visage. Also switch out Brooks Carlson for a Lt. Blount, he flips back ISB and can easily cancel Visage as he is pulled by Madine, back him up with an Obi or somethin. Take out one Arcona for Sergenat Brooks Carlson, he’s just to good, if you want to vs. YMSYL (the good ones use echo db) transit him, Solo, Beezer and Blount in, that way you can use his freaky landspeed to jump around while your other Arcona does stuff, Trample might hurt, but thats what the Bacta Tank is for..

There is no I’ll Take The Leader in the deck because w/ the exclusion of TIE’s it really does’nt help, it hurts Liberty, Home One, Independence and RLiR1, and most TIE’s are run from a SYCFA platform, so I’m gonna blow their durshkins away

I just rethought this: LS Dstar says opponent loses +8 force when it’s blown up so thats 8 + double the amount of icons, and if their are 3 (Yea, I know the DStar has 2 icons, but theres a trench too) icons, thats + another 6 force, so they would have to lose 14, not 11...hot damn, thats better than Watto’s Box..

As a side note this deck will absolutely rape any of that new Brangus stuff..

 Hey, I dont want anymore reviews from dumbfounded dip@#$%s who think the deck is inherently weak because it’s MBO, READ THE FUCKING STRATEGY SECTION!

  END UPDATE

The main problem with MBO is that it’s slow and you need 
good destiny’s to blow up the DStar so that by the time you have blown it up the game is almost over and you’ve got about ten cards left. This deck fixes that problem. 

EARLY GAME:
First turn grab Madine, he grabs Beezer who pulls Portable Scanner, which pulls either Proton Torps or the Cannons, in the early game you will probablly want the Torps. Deploy Beezer wherever you want, it’s probably much safer to deploy her to a twix with Madine, but if you have a barrier, or don’t think your opponent can come at you with any characters on their second turn throw her to the docking bay. On your next turn grab your other site and Brooks Carlson, deploy him to you second site and you should either be capable of flipping or be capabel of flipping your next turn. If you need an early space presence for Menace Fades, Battle Plan, or fighting opponent, you can always grab Calrissian and Gold Squad 1. When you flip you can either grab the DStar or Attack Run, you can get the trench using the Tunnel Visions or by drawing it, Rebel Tech’s are’nt very useful, and you dont need them to blow up the DStar, I’ve never had a problem getting the trench out fast. Get An ASP droid down to Beezers site as soon ASAP and when you’re ready to blow up the DStar stack the Portable Scanner. Lets say Wedge is trying to blow up the DStar here’s how it would break down: 3 (the number of sites at yavin) +2 (Yavin Headquarters) +3 (wedge’s ability) +6 (destiny of Portable Scanner)=14 you need greater than 15 to blow it up, so all you need is a 2 for your second destiny. Blowing up the DStar is usually done by the 5th turn or so. Make your opponent lose 11.

MID GAME:
Your Opponent has lost 11, or in the 20’s if your playing against SYCFA. And now you can drain +2 at all your systems, so thats 3 at Yavin, 4 at Kiffex and 5 at Kessel. Pull Arcona’s w/ General Madine if you need to stop force drains on the ground, then make them lose 3 to O2E if they are’nt playing Fanfare or Point Man. You have enough power in space to kill them if they come to you. If they do come to space then you can get huge retreival off by setting up the Liberty cycle, to do this get Liberty out of your reserve w/ Great Shot Kid then deploy it to where the opponents ships are for free, retreive 3 from Great Shot Kid, Liberty battling on it’s own is power 11 (+3 from obj.) and it’s ff is 9, so you can cover up to 20 power, battle and lose Liberty to used, repeat. EPP Obi can flip back HDADTJ or just take out opponent’s characters, get him back with A Jedi’s Resilience. Noble Sac can also get you some force back if they deploy any power 2 or 3 character, after you blow up the DStar and get out your Arcona’s you have little use for Madine, Beezer, or Carlson. Setup Menace Fades/Battle Plan if needed (vs. YMSYL, TDIGWATT and MKOS).

LATE GAME:
You shouldn’t be taking too much force loss and your opponent is taking around 7-12 a turn, unless they are playing space, in which case you can use the Liberty Cycle.

Card Choices:

Brooks Carlson: He’s nice b/c if they move a big crew in front of you he can just go to the other side of Yavin 4.

General Solo: If they launch a quick ground assault use him and EPP Obi to fend them off.

EPP Obi: Keep them off of Yavin 4 Headquarters, and kill of big characters.

ICBW: Podracing is jank.

A Jedi’s Resilience: Get EPP Obi back into hand, if you prefer Bacta Tank take one out.

The Houijix’s: It sucks when you get your Arcona’s react canceled and then you have to lose 20.

No SAC Kicker: There really is’nt a whole lot of important Sense or Alterable stuff, most of the interupts and effects are for decks that don’t use SAC, if you see Sense’s just dont use any Arcona’s unless you have a Houijix, but for the most part it’s just mains that use SAC and you can just drain them out since mains don’t use alot of starship’s, its not like i’m gonna run up against a Big Blue w/ SAC.

61st Cards:
Traffic Control: It blows when you draw all your ships into hand and so you cnat deploy any w/ Great Shot Kid.

Mercenary Armour: Kills off barrier. Barrier hurts EPP Obi and can hurt if they barrier your ship at Yavin 4 and then try to beatdown. Pullable w/ Beezer

Against certain decks:

HDADTJ w/ pods and all that @#$%: Wait until after the race to blow up the DStar, It Could Be Worse the damage and then make them lose 11, limit one ship to a system so Counter Assaults won’t work well, keep the barrier’s handy, odd’s damage can hurt, but just try to knock off Palpatine or Tech mor w/ Obi.

SYCFA Flip: Nice!! You can blow up the DStar hella fast and make them lose 20 something and kill all their activation, It Takes them a while to get all their junks set up and it’s gonna be hard for them to blow up Yavin when their destiny is @#$% and it’s minus 3, but that shouldn’t even be a problem as you can blow up the DStar before they are set up.

Big Blue: The 11 damage from the DStar is tough to handle for this deck, Power Pivot wrecks, and the Liberty Cycle will own them.

TIE’s: Get Lando and Gold Squad 1 to Wakeelmui fast, most TIE Decks are SYCFA so blwing up the DStar will wreck them. The Liberty Cycle can work here too.

Mains: If they are playing SAC then it won’t hurt too much, Battle Plan will make the small amount of ships they do have come to space, and when they do you can either go for beatdown or the Liberty Cycle.

YMSYL: Menace Fades and Battle Plan hurt, although most play with the Hoth system, so you can set up the Liberty Cycle. The 11 damage from the Dstar hurts them, and your drains are better than theirs w/ Menace fades out. Honor shuts down the Direct Damage. You can actually kill off the walker’s very easily, search for the Portable Scanner, stack it and then suicide EPP Obi off, with the destiny 6 he can cover up to 19 power and he can take down walkers with destiny like that.

TDIGWATT: Once again, Menace Fades and Battle Plan, Honor shuts down the Occupation if they go for that, the Liberty Cycle will retreive the damage they do do to you, and the 11 damage from the Dstar hurts.

Thats all the matchups i can think of, try playing this deck, it’s strong vs. alot of decktypes. Please give me Constructive Criticism on how to make the deck better.       