---
layout: archive
author: ! Ed "eddiehectic" Rebman
title: ! "Court of the vile Emporer and friends"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-18
description: ! "this is a deck that start court in order to get big drains and easy space deploy.  Kills WYS."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Court of the Vile Gangster/WYS can suck it


Locations

JP Audience Chamber

JP Dungeon 

Tat sarlacc pit

Tat Cantina

Tat Jundland Wastes

Executer DB

Rendilli


Characters

DVDLOTS x3

Lord Vader

Mara x2

Palpy x2

Guri x2

Xizor

Iggy w/pimpin stick

Snoova

Mighty Jabba

Boelo

Ephant Mon

Dr. E & Ponda

Dengar w/room clearer

Janus

Sim Aloo


Creatures

Bubo


Green Stuff

Vaders stick x2

Maras vibrator

Vibro ax


Effects

Mob points

Power of the Hutt

Oppressive Enforcement/TINT

Presence OTF x2

Grabber x2

Search and destroy

Secret plans 

First strike



Interupts

Prepared defenses

Sniper/Dark strike

Hutt smooch/defensive fire

You are beaten

Force lightning

Weapon lev

Imperial barrier

Twi Lek Advisor

Operational as Planned

Omni box/Its worse


Admirals Orders

Battle Deployment


Ships

Dengar in Ship

Bossk in Ship

Zuckuss in Ship

Boba in Ship

Stinger


'

Strategy: '

 


Strategy

* = start with it.


This is a deck I was dreaming up in ECE 200 class, so feel free to tell me the wholes in it.  While I was not paying attention to the lecture, I was thinking how big WYS is in my area and what I could do to beat it without going to all space.  This is what I came up with.

Some card choices


Bubo- Why doesn&#8217;t anyone play with bubo any more?  Bubo loves to eat RFCs and raiders (if they are out of the craft).  Not to mention Talon Karrde and Wedge and Nett and scouts.  Also helps with spys and prevents movement


Dr. E and Ponda- Played at the right time with a couple sabers around or dengar and the LS will be hurting. 


Operational as Planned- Im seeing at lot of frozen assets these days&#8230;And I don&#8217;t like em.  Also never hurts to track.  Play it with Janus and you have a 6,5,6 tracked.


Omni box/Its worse- I hate it when WYS tracks that one 5 over and over again for that fallen portal.  Screw them up.  And if they happen to play ICBW, laugh at them.


Battle Deployment.  Hold this one in your hand until your ready to attack.  Replace Ill take the leader and make them look silly.  Remember that Bossk in the HT is a capital ship  Also, if he is not out there, making everyone &#8211;2 is better than just you.  Also, you will notice how much @#$% it kicks for your guys on the ground against WYS.


Pull Rendilli and remember that Mob points works at his DBs too.  Lots of Vaders and sabers (not to mention POTFs) let you get big drains going in the cantina or at the wastes.  Mara will help too.  Power of the hut lets you pull Ephant and Boelo, and with the AC text you can get Jabba to secure the AC.  Hesitate to put POTF there tho, because they may play Bo Shuda.  Hutt Smooch and Sniper and Bubo will help clear out spys.   Remember that you can pull ships out of your reserve.  Playing with 2 Guris will make getting her in the stinger at the system easy.  Lateral Damage and Battle deployment will help you against their space, especially WYS.  You have 2 grabbers and you start OE, so grab important stuff.  Against HDWGITM, only grab it if you can get the first one, and you must get Harvest.  Against WYS, I would recommend getting Control/TV and Fallen Portal.  The one card I would consider adding is a tatDB, but the odds of the LS putting it out (at least in my area) are so high that I don&#8217;t think its necessary.  If they arnt on tat, make sure they lose to your objective.  Against HB, hit em with your obj and search and destroy.  Against EBOX, get your big drains going and follow them around in space with your ships, pulling them one a turn will help, watch for the one big counter attack and be prepared.  If you fear this deck, add in a ghhhk or resistance or something you think will help.  If they are playing LS #s, yell at them, pick up your cards and start the next game fresh.  


So the basic premise, get a big drain going on the ground, and when the time is right hit them hard in space.  Play it like a beat down deck.  Every thing else should be self explanatory.  Good luck.  D-mail me if you have any questions before responding.  

'