---
author: Michael "The Rattler" Schiemer
title: Mike Schiemer’s Character Elimination.
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-31
description:   It kills your opponents characters all over the ground with a variety of ways and then sets up visage and S+D.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff including possible startin effects(10):

1 HDADTJ
1holotheatre
1 med. chamber
1 visage
1 prep. def.
1 mob. points
1 imp. arrest order
1 no escape(vs local uprising, old throne room, or new age throne room starting w/ YISYW)
1Imp. decree (vs. EBO)
1 Secret plans(vs everything else.)

Locations(6):
1 carida
1 executor db
1 D*db
1 CC db
2 Hoth ice plains(I’ll explain)

Characters(18):
4x Lord Vader
1 Choke Vader
2 Emporer palpy
2 Mara
1 IG88
1 4lom
2 janus
2 dr e.
1 fett
1 mighty jabba
1 Prince Xizor

Starships(3):
Zuckus in ship
bosk in ship
chimara

Vehicles(3):
Blizzard scout 1
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Weapons(3):
2 vader saber
1 mara saber

Interupts/effects(17):
2 disarmed
2 trample
3 twileck
1 first strike
3 visages
1 jabba’s through with you
1 S+D
2 put all sections on alert
2 barrier




Strategy: 

	 ***take out 1 barrier for blast door	  controls and take out 2 ice plains and decree for a dengar in ship, a dreadnaught and a lat damage.***
   I will try to be shorter and more to the point in this strategy section. As you can see , there are many ways to get rid of those pesky jedi and scrubs.Here is how it should go during most cases(look ahead for matchups for different strategy).

Early game:
Make sure you draw up for a vader and/or his stick early if you don’t have him. Pull carida as your first action. Once you have activated get out the executor db or D*db if you got 6 force and you can deploy vader that turn. Mostly you won’t so either find if there is a vader in force pile and draw it up or if there is no vader in there then put a scrub at the exec. db. Once you get vader , put him at a db and protect himwith other characters and barriers/put all sections on alert.With him at a db your generation should be decent.

Mid game:
Secure 2 db’s and if you are strong than ptu down S+D. The fun starts here. If you have the only ground battlegrounds out than you are set. Set up on each or battle your opponent off. you have aid from tramples, disarmeds, and big character combos to do this. Once your opponent is off the board than S+D is great.Visage will work great too if some one is out by then. Drain hard with janu/emporer and vader and mara’saber.
      In midgame or late game , if you have 2 ships(and tracked destiny) or your opponent has a weak area,than you may want to risk battling in space or deploying to an empty system. Your opponent will have to come to the ground or they are screwed. When they do than be ready with a barrier or a put all sections on alert. Stay stronger at the CC db because with put all sections on alert , you should be safer from some epp’s , etc at the D* db. If opponent has some more battlegrounds out than just strengthen 1 or 2 sites and use your spare characters to battle or kill opponents charcters.Set up S+D if it is worth it.(See more in the "Ways to kill LSJK and Friends")

End Game:
Repeat strategy from middle game and spread out if your opponent has a small hand.Killing spies is simple with your big characters, put all sections on alert, and a tracked destiny from janus. Your opponents characters should not hold up against your constant beatings.Secret plans should slow retrieval.

"Ways to Kill LSJK and Friends in thhis Deck

1. Use 4-lom with gun to cancel text(immunity )and then smack.
2. Use put all sections on alert to cancel ability and text then smack.
3. track a visage with janus and attack.
4. track avisage with janus and trample.
5. Barrier and smack.
6. Disarm and/or operate.
7. Take down with high detiny,and multiple destiny from character combinations.

Different strategy or additional strategy in certain MATCHUPS:

VS. EBO
This is your hardest matchup . Set up a little faster and get out S+D ASAP. your drains, visage, and S+D should take them down a lot. Watch for ice storm if you go to hoth. Go to space only if neccasry and sparingly against x-wing swarm. Against deadbolt use secret plans to slow thier retrieval and rely on drains and S+D for most of damage.A difficult win but usually a win.

VS. WYS
Since these seem to be getting a lot of attention I guess I’ll do it. This is very simple. Don’t deploy the CC db so they don’t have as many places to go. All you will fight against will be smugglers and luke so don’t worry and spread thinner than usual many times. Your drains and S+D should wreak havoc but your visage will probably be cancelled many times(@#$%) from reanimated TT’s. Go to space if you have tracked destiny and you know your opponent has no big tricks.Secret plans will slow Kessel run retrieval if used.Take control of kessel is even better.An easy win.

VS. Speeders:

This is wierd to face but it does make me deviate(SP?) from my normal strategy.Just stay strong at one site while visage and your drains start to hurt. Once they try an offense of draining than you can start to spread a little because they would have to deploy at least 3 or 4 speedeers and a character to make it strong. cancel barriers with blast door controls and play S+D once spread out o at least 2 locations. If they put any characters out thean battle, disarm or trample them.Pretty easy win.

All other decks I face would be fought with my regular strategy.

   This is a very good deck that can take out many good decks. If you are worried about  losing to EBO or Deadbolt than maybe add 1 or 2 more ships but it is not really necassary.I hope you enjoyed this deck and that you rate HIGH.Thanks.
-Mike Schimer

