---
layout: archive
author: ! Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: ! "Ben’s Droid Deck 0 Version 2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-12
description: ! "A better version of my previous Droid Deck."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting [4]

Coruscant Jedi Council

Seeking an Audience

An Unusual Amount of Fear

The Signal


Jedi Masters [1]

Tatooine Qui-Gon


Aliens [2]

Jar Jar Binks

Figrin D’An


Droids [3]

Naked Threepio x2

Artoo


Rebels [4]

EPP Han

Pissed off Chewie {Chewie, Enraged}

Lando, Scoundrel

Jedi Knight Luke


Immediate Effects [4]

A Vergence in the Force x3

A Gift


Effects [10]

Hiding in the Garbage

Opee Sea Killer

Honor of the Jedi

A Tragedy Has Occured

Goo Nee Tay

Do Or Do Not / Wise Advice

Wars Do Not Make One Great

Traffic Control

Projection of a Skywalker x2


Used or Lost Interrupts [4]

Visored Vision x2

Out of Commission / Transmission Terminated x2


Lost Interrupts [8]

Lost In the Wilderness

Clash of Sabers x2

Beru Stew x2

Thank the Maker x3


Used Interrupts [19]

The Signal x4

Changing the Odds x2

Out of Commission x2

It Could Be Worse x5

We’re Doomed x6



'

Strategy: '

This is basically, an updated version of the previous deck with a few corrections.


For One, I dropped the Yoda Hut/Stone Pile combo, realizing that it just plain SUCKED. I have added a Beat-Down squad, to actually do damage to my opponent.


GOOD Combo It Could Be Worse, to take less damage from opponent’s drains, and then playing Thank the Maker to retreive force.


ANOTHER GOOD Combo A Vergence in the Force + Thank the Maker. A Vergence, still makes them drain to their full potential, but it just limits the damage to 1. So, if at a location they drain for 5, and I have a Vervence there, its still a drain of 5, but only does 1 damage to me. Thus, allowing me to play Thank The Maker, and retreive some force.


Cards that help reduce damage

It Could Be Worse x5

We’re Doomed x6

A Gift

Artoo with A Gift {meaning he’s an Undercover spy}

A Vergence in the Force x3

Projection of a Skywalker x2

Lost In the Wilderness

Clash of Sabers


Here’s my second version. The next version, is the same basic premis, but with a slight twist {ie. having a back theme to it, helping the manipulation run smoother.} Thus, the reason, the "0" in the name, will change to "1" and the Version will change to 3.0 instead of 2.0, also expect the name to be different as well.




'