---
layout: archive
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "TRM Bringin Da Rawkus  Biazinitch"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-11
description: ! "I be Bringin dis shiznit in all ways that I know. Darks worst NIGHTMARE BOITCH."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start 6

Yavin 4 Throne Room

Prepared Defenses

Your Insight Serves You Well

Dont Do That Again

Squassin

An Unusual Amount Of Fear


Defensive Shields 10

A Close Race

A Tragedy Has Occurred

Battle Plan

Aim High

He Can Go About His Business

Ounne Ta

Planetary Defenses

Your Ship?

Your Insight Serves You Well

Wise Advice


Locations 6

Hoth War Room

Home One War Room

Tatooine Slave Quarters

Dagobah Yodas Hut

Rendezvous Point

Coruscant Jedi Council Chamber


Characters 16

Epp Luke x2

Epp Obi x2

Epp Leia x2

Epp Quigon x2

Captain Han

EPP Han

Lando, Scoundrel

Chewie, Enraged

Corran Horn

Ackbar

Haashn

3p0 with parts showing


Starships 3

Falcon x2

Home One


Effects 9

Revolution x4

Goo Nee Tay

A Vergeance In The Force x2

Bacta Tank

Launching The Assault


Interrupts 20

Were You Looking For Me? x2

How Did We Get into this mess x3

Sense/Recoil in Fear x3

Tunnel Vision x3

All Wings combo

Houjix/Out Of Nowhere

Jedis Resilience x2

OOC/TT x3

We Wish To Board At Once

Speak With The Jedi Council '

Strategy: '

***UPDATE***

I have found from my sources, that Launching the Assault is canceled with Rendpoint on table. So therefore, some changes will be made.

Out

Your Insight

launching the Assault

Home one

Ackbar

Haashn


In

Insurrection

Home One Docking bay

Dash Rendar

Outrider

Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach

***END UPDATE***


This is a TRM deck that I came up with after R3 came out. It is a very powerful deck and after seeing Brian Hunters version, I changed a my version of the deck a little, but basically left my deck the same. This is a very strong light side deck, which can be useful in this time after R3 that most light decks suck. Remember, Just because it Doesnt say DONE RIGHT, doesnt mean that it isnt DONE RIGHT.


Starting/Early Game- Start the Throne Room, with the effects that were already mentioned. Put down the 2/0 sites that you get in your opening hand, If you can, get out the Jedi Council Chamber, pull 3p0, use either How did we get into this mess, Tunnel Vision, or Sense/Recoil in fear, to pull the remaining sites that you need to get out. Play your game and use revolution on any of opponents sites that do not give you force. Deploy any effects that will help you throughout the game, get the choke set up.


For the rest of the game, just play to counter their game. Deploy your characters and Starships to their sites to wipe them off the table. By this time, you will be getting probably at least double the amount of force opponent is getting. Revo all locations that will help you win the game. If he deploys any 2/0, Revo Them. If it is nearing the end of the game, revo any of your 2/0 sites that you can drain at to finish them off. Bacta Tank will keep your many EPPs alive for the most of the game. A Jedis Resilience will be huge versus dueling decks. Use 3p0 to put high destiny cards back into your reserve deck. This deck is very easy to win with, once the choke and game is set up.


Reasons for some cards

Sense/Recoil in Fear this is a great card for 3 reasons. Reason 1, is that it is Sense. Reason 2, It cycles through reserve deck to help get the cards you need. Reason 3, is that if opponent sees sense, they may waste a defensive shield to put out Oppressive enforcement or DODN.


Dont Do That Again I use this instead of the Def Shield so that I can start it, and completely wreck some decks that rely on that first turn system to be pulled, also because It was the only, other immune to alter effect I could think of that would help.


Speak With The Jedi Council Pulls the Jedi Council Chamber, That is good enough.


All wings combo Pulls Falcon, if I have Cappy Han in hand, so that I can get out Chewie, enraged or Lando by showing the Falcon. Also great with Darklighter spin, for a 6 or 7 destiny.


Squassin get the falcon set up. That is good enough.


Lando, Scoundrel/Chewie, Enraged Two new great characters that can be used either in space or on the ground to cause mass poundage. Lando is Great in space on the falcon along with Cappy Han.


Vergeance In The Force this is an incredible card. These were the last two cards added in, because It is almost a surefire way to crush the new obj. Pull one first turn with Dont Do That Again and when the drain for 3 at one of the new sites, plop that sucka down and they are hurt for the rest of the game. Also good vs. Dark deal and any deck that uses Mauls new saber.


Bacta Tank/Resilience Recurring EPPs, That is good enough. Also helpful vs. Dueling.


Were You Looking For Me? Gets out 3p0 pornstar, which helps cycle cards in more ways than one. Also a recyclable 5.


How Did We Get Into This Mess, Tunnel Vision, and Recoil In Fear Gets out your 2/0s easier. Also gets all the cards that you need to win the game, and get rid of the cards that you do not need anymore. I play with All 3 incase one gets grabbed. You dont want your game to be screwed up just because of their one defensive shield.


OOC/TT Takes out visage. Takes Out mains. Recyclable 5. NUFF SAID SUCKA.


We Wish to Board at Once gets out Revos, and any other effect that you may need.


Matchups

Ties They will not be able to pull the first turn Wakeelmui unless they get a planet and tie in their opening hand. When they do get out Wakee, Revo it and deploy the Super-Duper Falcon there. Deploy Aim High and the Grabber from sideboard. Now all of their Ties deploy for 5 if they want to retrieve. The will also not be able to beat down on Wakee. Deploy to their Docking bay with Mains. Revo both War Rooms in the mid game to set up big drains. Revo Endor so their drain there is minus 1. Grab either Short range or All power. Deploy Battle Plan, and they are officially choked.


HuntDown Transmission Terminate the Visage. Revo both Executor Locations. Revo the Blockade Bridge. Hold Resilience. Deploy your Mains, and Falcon in space if there is a system. If he duels, use your sideboard to grab his interrupt and then Resilience, so that he does not get his interrupt back. Nifty little trick. Bacta tank will keep your Mains alive. DO NOT LEAVE YOURSELF OPEN TO A MAUL MAULING. OOC Maul or Vader if you can. Leave Your insight on table for awhile so that his mains are def. Value minus 1. This is hard, but you should be able to win. Also grab evader if he has that in with crush, as that will be more important than a dueling interrupt.


Watto Objective This deck was made in part to beat this Objective. DDTA will stop their first turn executor or rendili to hand. Deploy super falcon to space after a system is out. Go To wattos junkyard and kick his @#$% around. Keep on deploying your mains with bacta Tank. He gets no force so no big beatdowns will occur. If you notice he has does not have 4 force use Aim high and 8 extra force to return watto to his hand then your Quigger is power +3. hehe. Revo any locations that could be helpful, but not the Junkyard, DAMN. Only use 2 force at moments that one card could not cause you a loss of a battle or game if deployed. Play smart and this deck should demolish a watto deck.


Let Them Make The First Move TECH ALERT Revo Their 3/2 site. Let them drain for 3, then surprise them with a Vergeance to reduce their drain to 1 for remainder of game. END TECH ALERT. You can also use Vergeance on the other 2/2 site if they drain for 3. Go to their sites with your jedis and other power characters and kick Mauls @#$% all over Naboo. Battle him and do not get caught in a lightsaber combat. Deploy to space if you can. Use OOC/TT to cancel The Phantom Menace, or to place an unlucky main out of play if you kick it. Use Bacta tank after doing suicide runs to get back mains turn after turn. You will way out activate them. Leave Insight on table until a system comes out so that his Sith are def value minus 1. You should be able to beat this deck with out much trouble. Revo a few 2/0 sites and leave non jedi there. (remember EPP LUKE is NOT a JEDI.)


I believe that this deck is very strong and can beat any dark deck with the right player behind it. I hope you enjoyed it.


Im Out,

Milfonati Connection Admin

Alex George          '