---
author: Scott "Wookie_56301" Poster
title: Canadian Ghetto
side: Light
date: 2001-03-12
description: Ok, I am neither Canadian nor Ghetto.  This deck uses tactics used by Lapointe and Sokol in the 1st DPC to open a can on the Dark Side.
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Systems:
Rendezvous Point

Sites:
Dagobah: Yoda&#8217;s Hut
Endor: Chief Chirpa&#8217;s Hut
Home One: Docking Bay
Home One: War Room
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Lars&#8217; Moisture Farm

Rebels:
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x 2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x 2
Luke With Lightsaber x 2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x 3
Owen Lars & Beru Lars x 2

Aliens:
Lando With Vibro-Ax

Droids:
Artoo & Threepio x 2

Effects:
Advantage
Aim High
Honor Of The Jedi
Lightsaber Proficiency
Order To Engage
Ounee Ta
Seeking An Audience

Interrupts:
Clash Of Sabers
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don&#8217;t Get @#$%y
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Harvest x 3
How Did We Get Into This Mess? x 7
I Have A Bad Feeling About This
I Know
I&#8217;ve Got A Bad Feeling About This
Nabrun Leids
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated x 2
Rebel Barrier 
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
Skywalkers x 2
The Signal x 2
Weapon Levitation

Start with Home One: War Room, and Signal for Seeking an Audience.

1st turn: Search for and deploy r2 & 3po, search for bad feeling card, deploy all twix sites, HDWGITM, and repeat.

Slowly build up a force, drop down and kill, kill, kill.  Plays the same against nearly all decks.

Reasons for cards:

Cantina and Farm: Build forces up here, retrieve and drain. 

Nabrun: Move to where they are.

Order to Engage: If they have IAO, Nabrun during move phase and dare them to retaliate.

Ounee Ta: Card advantage/retrieval, anti-NSP, anti-Rops.




Strategy: 

Corrections:
  My mistake, should be TJ, not Sokol

Basically you build a force at the Cantina/Farm, force them to come after you and beat them down. 2 times in 3 games I had over 100 battle damage.  If they don’t want to fight, that’s what Nabrun/OTE is for, just chase them, and the can’t do anything.


...
Go Bespin
Down with CH  