---
author: Brian "Armus" Sykes
title: Rebel Strike Team done RIGHT (?????)
side: Light
date: 2001-04-09
description: With tatooine on the horizon I’m sure this deck will become VERY popular, but who is expecting it now? Nobody.  This version is taken from Brian Hunter and Steven Lewis and Updated for RII.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Destroyed
Endor 
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest) 
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments 
Strike Planning 

Starships (6)
Home One 
Liberty 
Gold Squadron 1 
Outrider 
Tala 1 
Tala 2 

Characters (27)
Dash Rendar 
H’nemthe 
Ithorian 
Wuta 
Admiral Ackbar 
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk 
Colonel Cracken 
Corporal Beezer 
Corporal Delevar 
Corporal Kensaric 
Corporal Midge 
Corran Horn 
Daughter Of Skywalker - Foil 
General Calrissian 
General Crix Madine 
General Solo 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Leia With Blaster Rifle 
Lieutenant Blount 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x2
Major Haash’n 
Major Panno 
Nien Nunb 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Orrimaarko 
Sergeant Brooks Carlson 

Weapons (2)
Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Luke’s Lightsaber 

Effects (5)
Battle Plan 
Close Air Support 
Goo Nee Tay 
Honor Of The Jedi 
Menace Fades 


Admiral’s Orders (2)
I’ll Take The Leader
Taking Them With Us  

Interrupts (9)
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere 
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated 
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency 
Punch It! 
The Signal 
Fallen Portal 
Insertion Planning 
Rebel Leadership 

Locations (3)
Endor: Back Door 
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail 
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 



Strategy: 

Ok, please dont flame me for the title... if anything it was meant as a tribute.

Strategy: This deck is just really good at setting up on endor and draining for bunches.  Midge is God after your objective is flipped, and you have enough power to hold the Endor system against even dedicated space decks( well, in theory)

Here is an explanation of some of the cards I put in:

I’ll Take the leader: Well, having played WYS for awhile, I can tell you how cool this card is.  First off, it hurst TIE decks, which have a tendency to kill this deck.  Secondly, +1 drains at the DB are good, especially with that fallen portal in hand. Finally, Immunity to attrition is great, especially when you can keep bouncing the ship to the docking bay and bringing it back up.

Taking them with us: Read the last sentence on the card.  This thing was MADE for RST... I got it in my opening hand one game and it was free scouts on Endor.  Also, Defense Value +2 = not auto-dead when an EPP/ECC/EJP guy shows up

In addition, both the AO’s are destiny 6 and can be used to cycle each other based on what you need

Admirsl Ackbar: He wasnt in the original version of this deck, until someone slapped me in the back of the head and made me realize how cool he is.  He pulls the AO you need, uses Rebel Leadership in Space, and is just plain cool.

Major Haashn: One Lat Damage Beatdown was all I needed to put this guy in my deck. Plus, Ackbar can fetch him.

Goo Nee Tay: Helps prevent early game beatdowns (like that’ll happen) and, when combined with Kensaric and the H’nemthe make it just not prudent to mess with me on Endor

Punch It!: Sometimes Lando on GS1 is the only thing holding down the system.  This card can save you while you wait for back up or it can be used to lay the beats.

Insertion Planning: Hunter says that you wint face many battles with this deck, and he’s right.  But when you do battle it is usually against a large beats squad that your opponent saved up force to drop on you.  This can be a life saver, plus it’s a cycleable 6 that is easily trackable.

Rebel Leadership: 3 generals, One Admiral, nuf said.

Corran Horn: Undercover Spies blocking drains of 3 suck... use this or SATM/BP to dispatch them

Other Cards I’d like to include:

Aim High
DODN/WA
Grabbers
Insight
2nd Signal

Any suggestions about these would be appreciated.

Now for the matchups.

A lot of what Hunter/Lewis said is still true.  This deck can beat a lot of DS decks out there and is quite consistent.  However, TIEs and Hunt Down can indeed, as Lewis says, be a huge beating.  I agree with Hunter in that you should most definitely let Vader have his site and just start losing your Leia’s to force drains.with Brooks Carlson, Vader can be dodged all game and the most he can do is Drain for 2 at the back door because you can get Menace Fades running no sweat.  Use OOC/TT to cancel Visage or just drop a Spy and some back up for that Tasty drain of 2. Or, if your opponent isnt covering the BGs, use Honor to turn Visage into a lightside card.  Tough, but Winnable.

Against TIES (SYCFA/Endor OPS/BHBM)whatever platform they are using they can be dangerous, but SYCFA is definitely the worst matchup for this deck.  Like Hunter said you MUST keep them off the Death Star and get battle plan out early.  This is where the lack of grabber might hurt you most, but just get ALL of your ships to endor as soon as you can and drain like a madman on the ground because your life depends on keeping your Objective Flipped.  I’ll take the leader can be your savior.

Other than those matchups, just play your game against anything else and you should be ok.  Any questions, feel free to d-mail me. 

Thanks for reading,

-Brian Sykes
Corellia Region Scrub 