---
layout: archive
author: ! Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: ! "The Brahma Bull’s 10 Minute Hunt Down"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-31
description: ! "Made it in 10 minutes. Can win games in that long too."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Start


Hunt Down and Own Those Jedi/Can You Dig It? SUCKA

Executor Med Chamber

Executor Holotheatre

Visage

Epic Duel

Crush the Rebellion

You Cant Hide/Mob Pts

IAOrder/Secret Plans

Prepped Defenses


Locations


Blockade Flagship Bridge

CC Docking Bay

Imperial Holotable

Rendili


Characters


EPP Vader x3

Darth Vader, DLOTS x2

Darth Maul, Young Apprentice x3

Arica

P-59

IG-88 w/ Gun

DRE and Snoop


Weapons


Darth Maul’s Lightsaber x2


Ships


Bossk in HT

Zuckuss in MH

Maul’s Sith Infiltrator


Interrupts


Focused Attack 

Sniper/Dark Strike

Evader/Monnok

I Have You Now

Maul Strikes

Operational As Planned x2

We Must Accelerate Out Plans x2

Masterful Move x2

Vader’s Obsession x3

The Circle is Now Complete x2

This Is Some Rescue x2


Effects


Blast Door Controls

Enter The Bureaucrat 

No Escape

Presence of the Force

Do They Have A Code Clearance?

Allegations of Corruption

First Strike/Battle Order

The Phantom Menace x2

Visage of the Emporer x3



'

Strategy: '

Update


I chose not to duel with Maul for a few reasons. One is that I hate Tatooine Maul. He has his uses, but to me, Young Apprentice is SO much better. I see it as comparing Darth Vader to DLOTS. Another reason is that I only own one Maul Strikes, and even if I had 2, I wouldnt have the room for it. Lastly, the only Jedi Maul would duel is Qui-Gon, who has a nasty advantage over you since he can redraw either his or yours. With Phantom Menace, I would rather drop the new Maul, hack him, play Maul Strikes and add 2 to make him lose 20 more, rather than just duel him and make him lost, nor do I want to waste a starting effect just so Maul can duel.


Go ahead and add Palpatine if you feel you need him. I treat him as a nuisance, even though he fortifies(kind of) the site hes at. I dont have space to spend on him, on Janus, and on Force Lightning to make him worth the effort. I like my character base as it is, and it works fine this way. 


If you think I have too little characters, learn how to play dueling Hunt Down, then come back.


End Update




This is Hunt Down the way I like it. I built this deck in about 10 minutes at a friends house, but it has gone 10-1 since then.


How I came to make this deck


So I opened my Coruscant and I have the worst pulls from 3 boxes. 1 Maul, 3 Qui-Gons, no Yoda, no Plo, no Queen and no Maul Strikes. A few days later I meet up with Gibson Yim at his place, but before I go I pick up a few packs and pull another Maul. I tore up my DS Maul deck prior to going to his place, since I pulled NO Maul Strikes and only one Phantom Menace, I wasnt about to mod the deck at all. 


I see Nghia Nguyen and Alex Sheynis there and they have decks so I decide to make one since I bought a box to do so. I decided with all the new combo effects and hype for Maul being able to duel now, Id try a Hunt Down. So I scrounge up everything I wanted in it, threw together some kind of deck in about 10 minutes, and went 2-1 that day, losing to WYS. I moded the deck and it hasnt lost a game since.



Strategy


If you dont know how to play Hunt Down, you shouldnt play the game. Drop Vader, sit, drain, and let Visage kill them. If they come down, kill them with battles or duels. 

React to what theyre doing and make them react to Vader. Thats how to play this deck.


I duel pretty rashly, because the destiny in the deck is so good. Dont be afraid to blind duel them when Focused Attack is in your hand. With the destinies and 3 to thier 2, they have no chance. 


I chose to duel over not to duel because like Brian Hunter says, Epic Duel was the most feared card in SW for awhile, and it still very well can be. Epic Duel scares the hell out of your opponent and makes him overthink alot of thinks or pay for it. I chose the start for the auto-SPlans w/o the hassle of Twileking for it fast. IAO for the auto-BG and kill Nabrun(which is something that hurts Hunt Down more than not being able to Elis). Crush for destiny limiting, IHYNow and Evader, Mob Pts for Force Gen, and YCHF to insure you hit EVERYTHING you aim that red glowstick at. 



Card choices



Character selection EPP Vaders to save space over using his stick and to duel with. Choke Vader because I dont have that many EPP Vaders, and the destiny of this deck is insane. Maul is a beast that always kills Qui-Gon, FORMERLY this deck’s biggest nuisance, and STILL stays alive with Menace. All the other characters can hold sites and draw destiny by themselves, in addition to also doing something good(Arica is a Undercover Spy, DRE and Snoop Operate, etc....P-59 and DRE are just rude together.).


Mauls Ship Initially I pulled FIVE of this in my boxes, and intended to overload the deck with them for the destiny. But to make my deck decent I couldnt....but I fit one in because this ship kills HB and its, of course, destiny 6.


Enter the Bureaucrat I play this card as tech vs HB and WYS. To stop thier drain at Kessel is to eliminate the trouble of going there and getting my skull bashed in. The only problem with this card is that it is not immune to Control. So against WYS, you must set up Allegations and grab Control/TV(like theres something else to grab vs WYS) when they play it, and you know they will because they like thier drains. It just works perfectly vs HB. Initially I had 2 in the deck, but its pretty useless off the Kessel-kill possibility of it. 


Sites All the sites in this deck can be pulled from the deck via another card, in 2 cases, cycling a 5 and 6 and taking a 0 from the deck. Rendili for early force gen, CC Dbay for force gen and auto-BG when I want it. Holotable and Bridge for the convienience and force it gives.


3 Obsessions With Run Luke Run and other crap, you must have 3 in the deck for it to work effectively and when you want it to. And another 6 in the deck is nothing to whine about.



What to do vs.


WYS If they drop Luke, duel him. Keep Visage alive with TISRescue, and take over the Cantina. If you get Enter the B on Kessel and force-grabbed thier Control/TV, you won the game right there. Deploy wisely and react to him. 


HB Get Mauls ship to space and probe until you hit, because they can never battle him. Vader on ground and duel away any Jedi they deploy, and just destroy Qui-Gon. Keep Visage alive and get Enter the B on Kessel, sit back and win. 


Profit Hard match-up, you actually have to track before you duel them. Start Arica alone at the AC, if they DAgent her, no biggie. If youre playing vs PodProfit, Visage is your biggest enemy. Deploy wisely and duel Luke and Obi away, and take out Qui-Gon and whoevers left. 


Mains They start the Council, get Presence there and destroy them and sit for a nice drain of 4 a turn. They start with Mess, take over the Farm and and sit. Either way, Duel everyone away and kick back as they struggle to mount a decent offense with Vader and Maul. 



Seriously, this deck can just about out-duel any LS deck, and do it blind too. Once you take care of Luke and Obi, you can more than handle Qui-Gon. And if those pathetic Council Members give you problems, you should not play this deck at all.



Have fun, send all questions to me BEFORE you rate the deck, and rate it good because you want to(and the fact that its a good deck). Sorry for the Booker T stuff, I did this after Smackdown.



Alfred Dong

The Brahma Bull

CA State Runner-Up

'