---
layout: archive
author: ! Will "Bejarid" Wright
title: ! "Soft Warfare"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-18
description: ! "A fairly simple senate deck. Point and command."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)


Is That Legal?/I Will Make It Legal

Blockade Flagship Bridge

Coruscant Galactic Senate

Prepared Defenses

Allegations of Corruption

Begin Landing Your Troops

You Cannot Hide Forever/Mob. Points



Characters (20)


Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand

Destroyer Droid

P-59

P-60

Security Battle Droid

TC-14

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith

Coruscant Guard

Daultay Dofine

Edcel Bar Gane

Lott Dod

Nute Gunray

Orn Free Taa x2

Passel Argente x2

Rune Haako

Tikkes

Yey Yeb Adem&þ x2




Effects (6)


Ability, Ability, Ability

Drop

Motion Supported

Our Blockade Is Perfectly Legal

Reactor Terminal

This Is Outrageous



Interrupts (15)


Force Field

HoloNet Transmission

Kintan Strider x2

LImited Resources x2

LIttle Real Power

No Civility, Only Politics x2

Payroll Of The Trade Federation x2

Podracer Collision

The Point Is Conceded x2

They’re Still Coming Through



Locations (4)


Coruscant Docking Bay SE

Premiere Tatooine

Tatooine Marketplace

Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay



Starships (5)


Droid Starfighter x2

Executor

Trade Federation Battleship x2



Weapons (3)


Battle Droid Blaster Rifle

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Vader’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

No, there’s no Maul. I don’t currently have one, but that’s no biggie; it does well without. No Squabbling Delegates, either, which is something of a pitfall. But, play the cards right, and it won’t matter much. Sub one or more of any of these if you want, I like it as is. Though I may chuck in a Maul when I get one.


This decks fairly simple. It’s trashed a couple of Profit decks, a Dagobah Training deck, MBO, and a Hyperdrive. It’s only lost once that I can remember.


You should pull at least one senator in hand first turn, and that’s if you’re really unlucky. I can usually pull three or four with this payload. Plunk out the senators you get; if you flip, great-grap a Political Effect, This Is Outrageous works best. If not, draw all that you’ve got left. That should give you another senator or two for the flip.


As soon as you flip, decimate their hand. Get out Drop To help with this. Get a Political Effect every turn. Even if you’ve got them all out, look anyway to guess at your Force Pile. If Lott Dod on table, grab something each turn. Play Limited Resources once their hand is a baren wasteland and drop a senator onto Motion Supported to soup up your drains. Get Haako, Gunray, And/or Dofine to the Bridge with all haste. Power-up the presence droids and prevent the appearence of Jedi there to keep those droid ready for trouble. Abuse the Yey Yeb/Haako combo by initiating battle and, before opponent draws battle destiny, check the top card with Yeb Yeb and call it with Haako.


With the blade wielders, take out Jedi with the blades and choke other cretins with Vader’s "permanent weapon." Get at least one of these two to the Marketplace, preferrably Vader, to hold that down and retrieve every turn if you can spare the Force.


If opponent has some space, grab the Executor with Mob. Points and pull your Trade Destroyers. The presence droid power plus one will negate the drop in the power of the fighters as stated in their gametext.


As I said, simple. Point and command your drains and and thinning. No problem. '