---
author: Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: MWYHL my style
side: Light
date: 2001-05-16
description: nothing incredibly new but it’s solid as a rock.  Undefeated to date.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: MWYHL/SYIC

Characters:10
Yoda
DoS (apprentice)
EPP Luke
EPP Obi
EPP Leia
EPP Han
ECC Lando
Yoxgit x2
EG-4 [Eegee-Four]

Starships:6
YT-1300 Tranport x2
Artoo-Deetoo in Red 5 x4

Devices:5
Landing Claw x2
Mercenary Armor x2
Electrobinoculars

Locations:7
Dagobah
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Jungle
Cloud City: Incinerator
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza

Jedi Tests:6
Great Warrior (#1)
A Jedi’s Strength (#2)
Domain of Evil (#3)
Size Matters Not (#4)
It Is The Future You See(#5)
You Must Confront Vader (#6)

Effects:10
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan (start)
I Hope She’s Alright
Order to Engage
The Way Of Things (start)
Traffic Control 
Undercover x2
Wise Advice (start)
Yoda’s Hope

Interrupts:15
Double Agent x3
Off The Edge x2
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
Levitation x2
Out Of Commision & Transmission Terminated x2
Yoda Stew
Sense x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate


Strategy: 

I was looking for a deck that could hold it’s own and mutilate the opponent mid-late game.  I turned to Training.  My deck can: stop 2 space drains, 2 ground drains, make it difficult to drain for much of anything, and then better down the opponent with an unstoppable barrage of mains.  Cloud City gave me a good drain+Retrievel place that could support IHSAR.  I can retrieve plenty between Off The Edge and the Objective.  You can retrieve at least 24 in a game even with SSPFT.  If they play Secret Plans, save force.  For Test 5, get that R2 in R5 by using Electrobinoculars or tracking.  Your destiny is great even without test 5.  Levitate your Droid and Devices.  Here’s how you play:  First turn: Pull Yoda, his hope, and the Hut (training area if it’s not in there).  Draw the remainder(if any).  Second Turn: Pull the Training Area, test 1, and DoS.  I don’t play the Backpack because I have never had a problem testing.  Turn 3: pull Test 2, pass #1, and continue at your discretion. 
Turn #4: you should have draw/tunnel visioned for test 3 or 4 by now.  go get the other one and beat #2 and 3 in one turn and drop #4.  Use Merc. Armor and Landing Claw with people/ships to slow their drains.  You MUST get a high destiny on test 5.  Use tracking/Binoculars to get R2 in R5 ready.  Flip and move in for the kill on the ground.  I use The ECC Lando instead of the JPSD Lando because I use CC sites and he can hit people.  With a permanent 7, that’s not that hard.

Here are some card reasons:

DoS and EPP Leia: Pick up DOS, and drop a Power 4 ability 5 Leia w/gun that has immunity to <4.
EG-4: I can handle retrievel of 7 with Off The Edge.
Yoxgit + Yt-1300 + Landing Claw is my anti-space.
Merc. Armor + Undercover = undercover mains is cool.
Double Agent saves you Spies, kills Mara.
R2 in R5: Mega Destiny and gives me a certain sense.
Sense because I hate Imp. Command, Hidden Weapons, Force Lightning, and the like.
Levitation: pulls Claws, Armor, Binoculars, and Power Droids.  
Bacta Tanks: saves my Mains who do get hit.
OOC/TT: I hate Visage.

You play the same way mostly, but I’ll give you matchups anyway.

ROPs: Train and stop their Drains.  You can both find what you need so be careful.  You can retrieve and that can be the deciding difference.

Huntdown: Train, Cancel the Visage, and put Armor on Obi so you have no fear of dueling.  Whup their ground and destriy them.

BHBM:  They’ll never win a duel, and you can kick their butt in battles when you choose to, so no problem.

MKOS/Court/other scum: No Gailid, you beat 2 of their drains, and your mains are devastating.

AOBS: Train and then mutitale.  should’nt be to much of a problem.

Their are other good decks out their and it’s not invincible but it has served me well.  Don’t talk to me about Tatooine because it’s no out yet.  Thanks for reading :) 