---
author: Olivier "Bel Iblis" De Ridder
title: Deadbolt v2.0 (with Relections 2)
side: Light
date: 2001-02-23
description: This is the deck made by Jeremy Lamere and posted by Clint "GameMaster" Hays. I enchanced it with Reflections 2.

rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(10)
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Hoth: Echo Command Center(War Room)
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay x 3
Hoth
Endor
Kiffex

Characters(21)
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x 2
Luke With Lightsaber x 2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Scout
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
General Calrissian
General Crix Madine
Ketwol
Leiutenant Blount
Colonel Cracken
Figrin D&#8217;an
Orrimaarko
Nien Nunb
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Dash Rendar
R-3PO

Starships(6)
Outrider
Artoo In Red 5
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1
Tala 1
Green Squadron 3

Effects(11)
Haven
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not & wise advise
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Echo Base Operations
A New Secret Base
A gift
traffic control
what are you trying to push us on


Interrupts(12)
Control & Tunnel Vision 
Hyper Escape
Heading To The Medical Frigate
The Signal x 4 
A Few Maneuvers
Out Of Commission & tt x2
On The Edge x 2 

Strategy: 

out: cracken
in: tychu chelcu

I put the strategy from Clint on the section and will add will change the things that have changed.
Clints strategy was so good i decided to honor him by using his.

This is a very intricate deck that works all by itself to beat the opponent. The deck plays the same in almost every single game regardless of what deck type you are playing against. There is no plan of attack needed to beat any single deck. This is somewhat similar to Yavin IV in that you react to what the opponent does. However, this deck is very capable of winning a non-interactive game where the opponent doesnt give you anything to do.


You will want to start with strike planning and squadron assignments against everything. if you are playing against a deck that generally runs SAC then you will start do or do not & wise advise. 

The droid is great vs isb decks , making them wish they never deployed their agents and otherwise almost each deck plays Mara Jade. + I can use the droid for a gift , making them hurt double!!


If you dont draw ansb or the signal in your opening hand you will wait until you activate turn 1 and then search for a general. If you find that the signal and/or ansb is in the force pile you will get 2 generals. Otherwise get 1 and repeat on the following turn.

You will always search for the war room and the echo corridor the first turn you get ansb out unless you have them in your hand. you will deploy madine the first time you have 3 available force and you will search for a scout. Ketwol is first but get blount if ketwol isnt in there. The next turn you will get ebo and the docking bay with ansb and the other scout you dont already have. Deploy ketwol to the innermost site and use squadron assignments to deploy blount on tala 2 at the hoth docking bay and deploy ebo.

If you have drawn figrin before this point you will use him to flip instead of blount.

The ideal setup is blount on tala 2 at hoth and wedge on red squadron 1 at endor.

Hold the Falcon until you can drop and pull off legendary. You will not always stick to this strategy as sometimes you may not have another ship and you need to drain, but you will do this 90% of the time.

Dash Rendar is a great addition , since he can substract opponents power! 

With Frozen assets and draw their fire the opponent will never be able to play an interrupt during a battle you initiate.

This is unbelievably good. You automatically beat ties because of this. You also never have to worry about barrier. The only deterrant to this is something to get around Frozen assets but not many people are playing these cards...yet
Eventually all of the low destinies disappear from your deck and the epps become machines. You will drop and battle with them to hit anybody with a saber and draw a high destiny. Use them wisely and most often against a lone character.

With Ketwols ability this deck becomes broken.

You can use it to get your control & tunel vision back OR use it to on the edge 2 in a turn with one card only :)



The docking bays are also used to retrieve your on the edges. You will be able to track multiple high destinies toward the midgame. At this point you will track one of them and play on the edge. You will then exchange the docking bay from your hand for on the edge. You will then activate to the other destiny and play on the edge again. This sometimes happens for 11 force on 1 turn with 1 on the edge. Of course you will then try to battle to get the on the edge back. If not you have 2 on the edges you can cycle them that way. You will also use figrin to retrieve but you have to be careful when the lost pile is large. You do not want to lose the docking bays or the frozen assets.


Against bhbm you will give him jedi scout luke . Your destinies should be good enough to win your fair share of duels.

Against huntdown and possibly endor ops you will use your spy to gain access to his site(holotheatre or bunker).

Honor will kill the new vengance of the dark prince decks.

A final note : If ENDOR OPS : DS 2 DECKS is popular in your region , put in a DEMOTION !!!
It wreks those decks when you deploy it first turn on their Moff Jerjerod!!!!
If he doesn’t move away Jerjerod , beat him down , because his game text is canceled , he can’t hold spies back anymore :)

This deck is more then ready to kick @#$% in tournaments again!

Enjoy!
Olivier De Ridder
olivier_odr@yahoo.com

A special thanx to Clint for posting the 1.0 so and inspirating us with a very good deck!   