---
layout: archive
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "Going Down - First Floor Dead Jedi"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-05
description: ! "This is a true Hunt Down --- taking on all forms"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Fear Is My Ally

There Is No Try

Do They Have A Code Clearance?

A Useless Gesture

We?ll Let Fate Decide, Huh?

Oppressive Enforcement

Fanfare

Come Here You Big Coward

Weapon Of A Sith

Battle Order

Allegations Of Corruption


Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Executor Meditation Chamber

Executor Holotheater

Visage Of The Emperor

Epic Duel

Prepared Defense

They Will Be No Match For You

Crush The Rebellion

Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans


Naboo Theed Palace Docking Bay

Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay

Executor Docking Bay


Deep Hatred


Darth Maul x3

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x5 (1 signed by James Earl Jones)

Mara Jade, The Emperor?s Hand

IG-88 With Riot Gun

Janus Greejatus

Dr. Evazan x2

Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter x2

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

Emperor Palpatine x2


Maul’s Double-Bladed Lightsaber x2

Vader’s Lightsaber x2

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber


Bossk In Hounds Tooth

Zuckus In Mist Hunter

Blizzard 4


Focused Attack

Drop

No Escape

Blast Door Controls

Disarmed x2

I Have You Now x2

Maul Strikes x3

Masterful Move & Endor Occupation

Dark Rage

Force Lightning

Vader?s Obsession

The Circle Is Now Complete

Visage Of The Emperor

The Phantom Menace x3 '

Strategy: '

First off I am dropping the Blizzard 4 and one of the TPM’s for something else and I forget at this time?but when I remember I will re add them to the strategy section.


Also, yes I know that there are only a few characters in the deck the deck doesn’t need more than that cause they can hold all the areas that I need or want. I’ve never had a problem with the characters in the deck


Oh yeah the other card going in is one that cancells Ouf Of Commission


Well this is my old Hunt Down tweaked with EP1 cards in it and of course some R3. Now you may be looking at this deck and saying that space is useless you shouldn?t bother or that you don’t have enough against a good space deck and where’s the Search & Destroy --- oh yeah that’s the card that?s coming out for the B4?. anyhow the deck is designed to go to the ground and stay there if you come to me then you will get your assets handed to you or your will be out of play. The destiny in this deck is high enough that if I want I can blind duel?.if I want? but I drop 3 w/Drop then I activate down to them and then go from there? or I use Janus and Force Lightning to track that way.


Unfortunately against deck of any particular type it’s all the same get the Executor DB and then drop the other docking bays and force drain and force loss with Visage a Search.


If their playing Lightsaber Combat then go to them quickly and start FDing and if that doesn’t work then Duel them out of there that shouldn’t be to much of a problem. I’m telling you a first turn DLOTS against a Lightsaber Combat deck is harsh.


Try and see and you’ll see what I mean

Thanks for rating

-Kubaz Collector-


'