---
author: Wilson "Your mom" Fisher
title: That stuff I was smoking while I made this deck was good
side: Light
date: 2001-04-24
description: hey everyone, check out this deck, it’s crazy...crazy man!
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Start (3)
Hoth: Echo Command center (War room)
Seeking a audience
The Signal

Locations (7)
Yavin 4: War room
Home one: War room
Renduvez Point
Dagobah: Yoda’s hut
Endor: Cheif Chirpa’s hut
Tatooine: Obi-Wan’s hut
Tatooine: Toshe station

Characters (15)
Obi-wan with lightsaber x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Han With Heavy Blaster pistol x2
Leia with Blaster rifel x2
Lando with Vibro axe
Chewie With Blaster rifel x2
Captian Han Solo
R2 & 3PO

Starships (2)
Milluieum Falcon x2

Interrupts (22)
I know x2
Don’t Get @#$%y x2
Gift of the mentor x2
Skywalkers x2
Rug Hug x2
Protector x2
The Force is strong with this one x2 
How’d we get into this mess? x7
Blaster pro/sorry about the mess x2
Sense

Effects (10)
Thats one x2
Count Me in x2
I’m with you too x2
Draw their fire x2
Forzen Assets x2 

Strategy: 

Ok, here is how to play the deck:
 You pull R2-3PO first turn, start HDWGITM? to pull twix sites for your activation.  Once you have everything you need you come down in one fail swoop.  Blaster pro/sorry Guri. Sense Imp commands. Stay away from ZIMH.  If you can pull it off, your going to draw 34 destiny, five weapons, power 28 for a deploy of 30.  I know it seems like a stupid thing to do.  But I just think the crazyness is to much to pass up. Also, don’t rate the deck by how well I can spell, the strat, or anything like that.  JUST THE DECK PLEASE! Remember, llok at this deck with a sense of humor and also...IT’S ONLY A GAME!!!

Wilson
