---
author: Karl "vagabond" Walker
title: Wookie Wuppin’
side: Light
date: 2001-12-19
description: This is a fun deck to play, when you get tired of all the mainstream decks.  Please read the strategy at the bottom also.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting;(9)
You can either profit by this...
tatooine: Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Han with heavy blaster
HFTMF
YISYW
Secuirity Volunteers
Scrambled Transmision
Unusual amount of fear

Locations;(4)
Tatooine:DB94
Tatooine:MEDB
<>spaceport DB
Coruscant: JCC

Characters; (19)
Chewie, enraged x3
Lando, Scoundrel x2
Luke with Stick x2
Qui-Gon with Stick x2
Obi-Wan with Stick x2
Leia, RP
Corran Horn
Naked Threepio x2
Wookie x4

Devices;(2)
Mercenary Armor x2

Inturrupts:(23)
Mindful of the future x2
Life debt 
Wookie Strangle x4
Jedi Prescance x2
Blaster Pro/ SATM x2
Bith Shuffle/ DR x2
Nar Shadaa Chimes/OOS x2
Shocking Rev/ Grim 
Where you looking for me?
Nubrein Lieds x2
Sense x3
Alter

Effects:(3)
Honor of the Jedi
Lightsaber Pro
I hope she is alright




Strategy: 

 OK, so I know it is not going to win worlds, but the purpose of this deck is fun. And it did win a tournament here in my hometown last week.

The basic strategy is this. Get Chewie with a Jedi set for a beatdown. Target a key character of the opponent. If the character is Maul or Vader you may want to play Jedi Prescance as your first action. If not play wookie strangle before you even battle. With Merc armor on, and playing Jedi Prescance you will have a 27+destiny against against their character’s power+ability+destiny. Otherwise there is no way they can beat you unless they cancel the card. And that is wy you need Wise Advice in your sideboard in case your Sense/alter counter attack fails. The Wookies will make Wookie Strangle a used inturrupt.

So, if you have Obi, Chewie, and Han in a battle, you will have power of an even 40 with bonuses to your destiny and them minus their most powerful character at that sight. That is, if all goes well. 

Remember, to add a sideboard that defends you, but I would make sure the grabber, WA, and DDTA are in there.

Alright, I don’t have time to explain the cards in this deck. But remember to use Grim and pull him with ST.

Thanks 