---
author: Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: Adventure... Excitement...  A Jedi craves not these things
side: Light
date: 2001-02-14
description: ah, wonderful MWYHL...
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start(6)
Mind.../Save you
Dagobah
Wise Advice
The Way Of Things
Squad Assignments
Heading For The Medical Frigate

Locations(7)
Kessel
CC: Lower Corridor
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Jungle

Jedi Tests(6)
Test 1
Test 2
Test 3
Test 4
Test 5
Test 6

Characters(12)
Yoda
Admiral Ackbar
General Calrisian
Nein Numb
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader
Mirax
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Son of Skywalker
Daughter of Skywalker
General Solo
Chewbacca, Protector
Corran Horn

Starships(5)
Home One
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron One
Pulsar Skate
R2-D2 in Red 5

Effects(4)
Reflection
Yoda’s Hope
Traffic Control
Lightsaber Proficency

Weapons(4)
Luke’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Saber
Obi’s Saber
Intruder Missile

Interupts(10)
On The Edge x2
Off The Edge x2
Star Destroyer x2
WAAAAAAOOOOOO!!!!!! 
The Signal 
OOC/Trans Term x2

Admiral’s Order(1)
I’ll Take The Leader

Device(5)
Bionic Hand x2
Electro Binocs
Obi’s Journal
Luke’s Backpack 

Strategy: 

-- I have no clue how this wandered back into the top 10(or how it got there in the first place for that matter) but this is one of the alternates to Mo Murder along with Blue Harvest.  It is a strong MWYHL deck but it is all about patience and control.  The speed of this is almost exactly the opposite of my others, so I like it as a change of pace.  Enjoy!

The good ’ole Mind deck...  man I still like this one.  It just gets better as time goes on.

If you don’t know how to play MWYHL by now... what rock were you hidden under?  Use the text of Dagobah to pull a site, usually training area if it is not in hand, use other texts to pull and deploy tests, mentor, trainee, etc.. deploy sites in this arrangement.

Swamp>Training Area>Yoda’s Hut>Bog Clearing>Jungle

This makes it difficult for the opponent to bring the pain (if they bother to try) as it strands thier vehicles then sinks them to bottom of lost pile. 

Otherwise just train away and keep watch over your destinies and locations as you do your searching.  I have enough stuff in here that most tests are automatic, if not the destiny is good enough to make it.  Once you flip the game is yours to win.  Use you forces for a decisive battle on the ground or in the air.  There is enough stuff for Jedi Test 4 to find and destroy the opponent.

On/Off the Edge combo with Luke or Obi at the CC/Lower Corridor is kinda rediculous, especially if you have moved the muppet back to his hut.  I keep a deck similar to this built and on reserve...  just in case I don’t feel like playing RTP or WYS that day.
