---
author: Adam "ADrake" Drake
title: Drake’s Post-RII TIES
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-15
description: This deck is a straight forward TIE deck with a few wrinkles built in to deal with some of the better light side decks out there today.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
SYCFA/Whatever is on the other side...
Death Star
DS: Docking Bay 327
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order

Locations:
Corulag
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Wakeelmui
Asteroid field x2

Characters:
Emperor Palpatine x2
Lord Vader x2
Cmdr. Merrejk

Starships:
The Emperor’s Sword
The Emperor’s Shield
TIE Interceptor x10
TIE Vanguard x4
Dreadnaught x3

Weapons:
Vader’s Lightsaber

Interrupts:
All Power To Weapons x4
Control/Set For Stun x2
Short-range Fighters x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2
You Overestimate Their Chances x2

Effects:
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Reactor Terminal
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Well Guarded

Admirals Orders:
Fighter Cover


Strategy: 

Like I said in the intro, this deck is fairly straight forward. First turn, deploy Wakeelmui from Reserve, drop the Emperor and Merrejk to the DB, grab systems from reserve, drop Vanguards and react by deploying massive amounts of TIEs and/or Dreadnaughts if they try to battle. Yeah, I know it is monkey, but it is soooo effective.

Specifics:
-Corulag is a nice "way point" between systems...
-Asteroids allow you to cancel force drains, or put a TIE back in your deck
-Fighter Cover can replace LS "I’ll Take the Leader" plus it is destiny 6, what is not to love?
-You Overestimate Their Chances is tech in this deck. Play it right before you "react" with 4 TIEs, and smile as your opponent soils himself.

Matchups:
-EBO: Start Imp. Decree, you should be able to control the requisite battlegrounds, and just beat them out of space.
-Watch Your Step: This is extremely tough. LS can match the retrieval in this deck, and the R2/3PO and LEEBO combo can be extremely frustrating. Just play carefully and you shouldn’t hava a problem.
-Profit: Just outdrain baby!!! this matchup is not a problem...

I know I have forgotten a few prominent matchups, but this deck is solid in every way. Please Dmail me if you have any specific questions and/or suggestions.  