---
layout: archive
author: ! Sam "AgentSD" Diamond
title: ! "MOTHERFCKER WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNED"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-10
description: ! "This deck sets up Yoda at his hutt for attrition reduction and then battles the hell out of your opponent using tech interrupts."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)

MWYHL/SYIC

Dagobah

HFTMF

Your insight serves you well

Insurrection

Draw Their Fire


Locations (4)

Dagobah Yoda’s Hutt

Dagobah Jungle

Tatooine DB

Endor DB


Characters (19)

Obi Wan Epp x2

Ben Kenobi

Luke EPP x3

Han EPP x2

Leia EPP x2

Orrimaarko

Taws Khaa

Mirax Terrik

Owen and Beru x2

Chewbacca, Protector

Lando w/ Vibro Axe

Yoda

Corran Horn


Starships (5)

Home One

Liberty

Red Leader in Red 1

Gold Leader in Gold 1

Spiral


Interrupts (18)

Slight Weapons Malfunction

Glancing Blow

Courage of a skywalker

The Signal x2

Blaster Deflection

Jedi Presence x2

Clash of Sabers x2

Fallen Portal

Throw me another charge

Fall of the Legend

The Force is Strong With this one

Sorry About the mess/Blaster Proficiency

OOC/TT x2

Corellian Retort


Effects (8)

Uncontrollable Fury

Mechanical Failure

Bacta Tank

Frozen Assets x2

Order to Engage 

I Hope She’s All Right

Aim High


'

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE MAKING SOME HALF ASSED REVIEW



Note Sorry I forgot about a strategy for BHBM.  Basic strategy against that is to make him come and get luke and then beat the hell out of everyone he sends after him.  The deck has fine activation. A minimum of 10 force a turn by the 3rd turn does just fine for me.  



Ok, this is my crazy-ass battling deck.  It plays lots of under-used interrupts and some cool tech to cause massive beatdowns to your opponent.  First turn, you deploy yoda and his hut.  Also you pull a docking bay with insurrection.  Now you automatically get a minimum of 7 force next turn.  Next turn you pull the Jungle and the other docking bay and you have all of your locations out.  I’m not playing mob. points because the activation is good enough without it and I don’t have many guys that i would like to sit at the home one docking bay.  Anyway, you can play this deck 2 differnt ways.  One is to wait for them to deploy and then send a huge beatdown crew to mess them up.  The other way is to deploy a smaller crew to and unoccupied site as bait while you hold more guys in your hand.  Then they come to fight you.  They will win the battle but take some losses.  Then during your turn to send down the rest of the guys from your hand to team up with the guys you still have left and beat the hell out of their weakened forces.  This is the method of battle I prefer, set the bait and watch them fall into your trap.  There is nothing really too tricky about this deck, it’s simple battling tech.  Track your 5’s and 6’s and play your interrupts.  Here are some card explanations


Mirax Terrik  She’s not just for WYS, her game text is amazing for tracking, shes got a forfeit of 5, and she’s a decent pilot.


Corran Horn In my opinon, one of the top 3 light side characters in the game.  He’s usually got a power of 5 and ability 4 because of his gametext.  He’s an outstanding pilot, he’s got a forfeit of 5, he’s a spy, he breaks the cover of undercover spies, oh and did i mention he’s got a destiny of 3.  You can’t go wrong here.


Owen & Beru I know I’m not playing harvest but I still like them.  They have good forfeit, power 4 and if you lose them during opponents turn, luke is power +6 until end of your next turn.  This works insanse with Jedi Presence which I will now speak about.


Jedi PResence I don’t know why more people don’t use this card.  Play it and you have power 12 chewie, power 10 luke, power 8 han, etc.  This can be a machine in certain situations.  


Clash of Sabers All around great card.  3 amazing uses.  I don’t care if  Crush cancels it.


Corellian Retort Mad underused.  If you have han in a battle against a gangster or bounty hutner add a destiny, add 2 if the gangster is jabba.  Thats just the lost function.  It’s also got a used function to search for some crap.  But the important thing is that it’s destiny 5.  If you have han out or in your hand you save it.  If not you recycle and track it. 


The Force is Strong with this one  Destiny adding did exist before WYS.  


Slight Weapons Malfunction Ditto


Blaster Deflection This card is sweet ass.  It keeps your mains alive and its used destiny 4.  Helps alot against someone like 4-Lom with concussion rifle.


Bacta Tank Mains keep coming back, it’s all good.


Frozen Assets  If you don’t know about the Draw their fire/assets tech then you should probably shoot yourself or quit star wars.  This basically gets rid of Imperial Barrier also, so it’s not just for during battle. 


I hope she’s all right Deploy or die.


Order to engage battle and die.  Don’t battle and die.


Aim High Highly underused.  Adds 5 to total power in battle when you fire 2 weapons.  Combine that with Jedi Presence and Owen & Beru and you can be seeing some crazy force loss.  This card also has the secret plans function.  It should be in every deck.  


Ships I know my space isn’t that great but they are mainly only for beat downs.  Frozen assets/draw their fire can be quite damagin against TIEs.  


I’m not playing SAC protection, because here on ”the east coast” we don’t have to worry about that @#$%.  


Here are some strategies against popular DS decks


Court/MKOS Deploy a smal crew to the tatooine Docking bay (ASAP against Court).  Let him come to fight them, fallen portal if you can, set up so that you won’t take a beating from the battle.  Then on your turn deploy lots of guys to the site and mess him up.  Move into the palace from there.  Play aggressive, but watch out for none shall pass.  


Hunt Down Try to cancel visage ASAP with an OOC/TT.  This deck has nice destinies so even if you don’t have the 2 anti-dueling interrupts in your hand you can still easily win a duel.  Uncontrollable fury any vader, that isn’t Lord.  Don’t battle too aggressively, play smart and you can win.


Any Space deck  Set up at docking bays and put out I hope she’s all right.  Set up beatdowns with ships plus Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire. 


Black Sun Make him come and get Luke away from his crew at a dockin bay.  Hit him with a bunch of surprise interrupts.  Blaster Deflection and Bacta Tank will keep Luke alive.  


Well, thats my deck.  Don’t review it like a fool.  And if you are that @#$% that gave my last deck a 1/2 star for no reason and you do the same again, I’m gonna report your @#$% again.     '