---
author: Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: Ryp’s: Droid Deck of Madness and Mayhem: 1: Version: 4.0
side: Light
date: 2001-12-14
description: A very good deck in my opinion that involves the silliest tech!
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start: [7] 
Mind What You Have Learned 
An Unusual Amount of Fear 
Dagobah 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
Insurrection 
Strike Planning 
Your Insight Serves You Well 

Droids: [3] 
Naked Threepio x2 
Artoo 

Locations: [6] 
Home One: DB 
Corsucant: Jedi Council 
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Yoda&#8217;s Hut 
Dagobah: Bog Clearing 
Dagobah: Swamp 

Immediate Effects: [4] 
A Vergence in the Force x3 
A Gift 

Characters: [10] 
Crix Madine 
Yoda 
Boush 
TK-422 
EPP Luke 
EPP Han 
EpP Leia 
EPP Qui-Gon 
Chewie, Enraged 
Lando, Scoundrel 

Jedi Tests: [1] 
Jedi Test # 1 

Starships: [1] 
Melinium Falcon 

Devices: [1] 
Landing Claw 

Interrupts: [19] 
Thank the Maker x3 
We&#8217;re Doomed x3 
Neck and Neck 
It Could Be Worse x5 
OOC / TT x2 
The Signal x3 
Control / Tunnel Vision x2 

Effects: [8] 
Hiding in the Garbage 
Goo Nee Tay 
Menace Fades 
Seeking an Audience 
Projection of a Skywalker x2 
Wars Do Not Make One Great 


Here&#8217;s my Shields: 

**SHIELDS: [10] ** 
A Tragedy Has Occured 
Ournee Ta 
Don&#8217;t Do That Again 
Your Insight Serves You Well 
Do or Do Not 
Wise Advice 
He Can Go About His Business 
Aim High 
A Close Race 
Battle Plan 





Strategy: 

NOTE: If this posts under the Ep1 format, sorry, I didn’t press the EP1 only format on my other decks, but they somehow got posted under it, and if this does, Sorry, but I did not press that button. {SORRY XZILEN!}.

From the Third Version, I noticed a very DEADLY error, I did not include the Training Area, which allows me to pull the Test 1 {and theres no other way}.

So, I decided to add that, so the deck works.

Deck Match-Ups:

**!!Podracing!!**:
Just laugh at your opponent for wasting the space. Because, 1, you will probably lose no more then 4 force from the Event, due to A Close Race, the shield. And, hopefully you should have a It Could Be Worse in your hand to lessen the force even-more-so.

**!!Senate!!**:
Senate gives this deck a little trouble {especially Yeb Yeb, the Senator}. You must rely on minimizing your open spaces for them to pound on you with their drop Mains {ie. Maul, Vader, 4-Lom, Ref3 Fett, Blizzard 4, etc.} Just let the opponent try and occupy the sites, and drop your undercover spies to block em. You should be able to hold them at bay for the most part. 

**!!Bring Him Before Me!!**:
Make sure you get out Honor of a Jedi to try and cope with Your Destiny, OR, get Luke out as fast as possible and give him over to Sir Vadserlot, and have the opponent lose a force per turn. Watch out for the Back Door first turn with the Emperor and Janus. Thats where a Vergence in the Force comes in handy. You take the drain for one turn, and then ya drop it, and lose only 1 force for remainder of game. 

That should cover most of the match-ups that I will face at the tournament Tommorrow at TWILIGHT GAMES in PENNSYLVANIA, if ya wanna go to it, ya need 4 can goods and 5$ {its a Chase the Cans tournament}. Winner gets a half box of Theed Palace, or something like this. 

If you’d like to go, drop me a D-mail before 1:00PM EST and I’ll give you directions {if you live in PA I should be able to help you, if ya live outside PA I will have trouble}.

Possible card Add-Ins:
Lost In the Wilderness x3
--- This card is T3CH! It is such a good canceler to drains, its like a BETTER version of Suprise Assault. If you think I should add it in, tell me what I should take out for it, and give me good, 100% honest REASONS why. Thanxs.

Use Strike Planning to get Crix, and use Jedi Test 1 to deploy Crix, and use the objective to deploy Yoda. Use Dagobah to deploy Yoda&#8217;s Hut first, and use Insurrection to deploy Home One: DB also. This will give you a good amount of activation for the next turn. 



The following cards stop drains: 
Jedi Test 1 
Honor of a Jedi 
Menace Fades 
PoaS x2 {Projection of a Skywalker} 
Battle Plan {shield} {increases the force needed to drain by 3} 
Wars Do Not Make One Great {increases the force needed to drain by 1} 
A Vergence in the Force x3 
It Could Be Worse x5 
A Gift 
TK-422 
Boush 
Falcon with Claw-Attached 
Artoo-With A Gift {he&#8217;s then an undercover spy} 


Cards that help you get Threepio/Seeking an Audience out: 
Control / Tunnel Vision 
Hiding in the Garbage 

Cards that help you stay afloat: 
We&#8217;re Doomed x3 
Neck and Neck 

Both of these cards, when we run low on force, help us jump right back up. 

Hey, Dengar69, give me some GOOD info when ya review this deck ya crazy......

Here&#8217;s my 4th version. I will try and post version 5.0 tommorrow, where it involves a QMC start instead of a Mind What You Have Learned start. If You have checked out all of my Droid decks so far, please tell me which one is the best, so I can use it for the tournament this Saturday.  