---
author: Fred "Elvis" Fortman
title: What Geoff should have played to beat WYS AKA take your Race and shove it!!
side: Dark
date: 2001-08-06
description: Darkside pile with a plan.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (5)
Desert Landing Site
Jabba’s Palace
JP:AC
JP:LP
Tatooine

Characters (19)
Darth Maul x3
DLOTS x3
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus x2
Mighty Jabba
Dr.E & P.B.
Dengar W/
Gailid
Xizor
Guri
4-Lom W/
IG-88 W/
Thrawn

Weapons (3)
Mauls stick x2
Vaders saber

Ships (5)
Chimaera
Stinger
Virago
Boba in
Zuckuss in

Interrupts (18)
Twilek x2
Force Field x2
Weapon Lev. x2
I Have You Now x2
Sniper/Dark Strike x2
Combat Readiness
Force Lightning
Masterful Move (to cancel Savrip)
Shut Him Up.. (to cancel the Tank)
Vaders Obsession
Focused Attack
Elis
Overload (like AMEX, never leave home without it)

Effects (8)
Search & Destroy
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
..Lack of Faith Disturbing (Tech!)
Secret Plans
YCHF
Tatooine Occupation

A.O. (2)
Battle Deployment (anti WYS)
Fighter Cover (anti RST) 


Strategy: 

  This is a good old fashion heapin’ of Darkside power to throw at anyone or anything.  Dark Jedi rule the wastlands of Tatooine and sometimes even venture to the Endor Bunker.

   DLS and JP are the start and everything else you pull.  With 8 Dark Jedi your bound to have one on the first turn you can deploy and with 8 Jedi helper cards they can start to drain right away.  Janus runs through the deck hiding behind a Jedi cloak and sets up some killer combos.

Dark Strike- eliminate a chacter better than You Are Beatin for the beatdown.

Lack of Faith- EPP Luke does not draw a destiny.  Put Maul on Mist hunter with this effect and the LS needs abilty 9 to draw destiny.  Even the Super Falcon can’t do that.

Vaders Obsession & Focused Attack- set this up in the late game for a possible force swing that would make Sebulba turn white and move out of my neighborhood!

WYS- Ah the most popular dechtype.  Screw the race, let’s drain.  Maul can not get the tripler combo played on him because Han can not start a battle against him.  Han and Luke will have to try and take him out the old fashion way.  Likewise the Emperor is power 4 just like Han and can not get tripled.  Choke Vader has a better than Ezra chance to end the tripler combo almost before it gets started.  Do not deploy to much on the ground unless ou have 1) Guri to protect you or 2) Battle Deployment working at the system to protect you.

   If you can get your ships up to the system for Battle Deployment, it’s once again Guri working her magic.  Overload has a chance to protect her from being shot down.  

  The key is to get a drain going fast.  Maul or Vader in the Cantina can cause WYS to lose precious characters and ships prematurely

RST- Ah the second most popular light deck.  Screw the race and drain like a fiend.  Almost always pull Gailid with the AC and park him next to a Jedi.  Will the Boomrace send EPP’s to the Chamber? or will they save them for the Bunker?  Either way you have another big Jedi to get into the Bunker.  This is where Fighter Cover makes Maul and Vader Gods.  They are immune to attrition <8 and add 1 to their weapon destiny.  All you need is maybe 1 Force Field to protect them from the EPP swing, swing back and clear the site.  

Profit-  I love speed Profit and have been playing it for a while.  I would not always cover up the JP sites until turn 3-4 when you have a sizeable force in the AC.  No need in giving the LS better drain sites if they get Master and Qui down turn 2.  Mighty Jabba and Xizor are the start.  They draw 2 destiny and are immune to all attrition in the LS AC.  

Mains- Sac can be a problem, but there is just so much to SAC and it’s hard to keep the LS characters alive.  Never underestimate the first turn Maul (for free!) who moves to Schmis Hut.  That’s alot of drains.  Watch out for sniper Threepio.

QMC- Heavy Darkside space around here has chases QMC out.  I don’t care what you can pull from the force pile, Overload and Imperial Command will always rule the Bespin system.  However, I suppose I would try and drain as fast as possible on Tatooine.  QMC is not known for their off planet fighting abilities.  Late in the game you can pick an opportunity to strike on Cloud City.

Hidden Base- Never deploy to space until after they have flipped.  Get Blast Door Controls as fast as possible and probe for that hidden base.  Battle Deployment will help against swarm and Search and Destroy will be a killer.  You have alot of weapons so kicking the EPP off the <> Forest can be done.

EBO- Mad drains on Tatooine.  Keep them off the 4th marker to S&D can hurt them.  Lose some guys to the Ice Storm, but keep them off the 4th Marker.


  This is the way the Darkside should play.  No hiding and switching DB’s like a Kansas City faa-got.  You hit me and I hit you harder, just like me and everyone who used to play in Normal. 