---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Piett" Anger
title: ! "Hunt Down & Dueling (classic)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-28
description: ! "This is a classic Hunt Down deck. No podracing (but there is a backup podracer) just good old Hunt Down."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective

Hunt Down ANd Destroy The Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe


Characters 16

Lord Vader 2x

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 2x

Darth Vader With Lightsaber

Emperor Palpitine

Grand Moff Tarkin

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 2x

Darth Maul 2x

Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle

Aura Sing 2x

Grand Admiral Thrawn

U-3PO


Starships 4

Devestator

Chimaera

Bossk In Mist Hunter

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth


Weapons 3

Vader’s Lightsaber 2x

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber


Locations 7

Executor Meditation Chamber (starting)

Executor Holotheatre (starting)

Jabba’s Palace Audence Chamber

Tatooine Cantina

Endor Forest Clearing

Endor Back Door

Endor Dark Forest


Epic Events 1

Epic Duel


Podracer 1

Sebulba’s Podracer


Interrupts 18

Prepared Defences (starting)

It’s Worse

Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down

Twi’lek Advisor

Elis Helrot 2x

The Circle Is Now Complete 2x

Vader’s Obsession 2x

Focused Attack 2x

Weapon Levitation

Alter 2x

Alter & Collateral Damage

Sense 2x


Effects 9

Visage Of The Emperor 2x (starting)

First Strike (starting)

Secret Plans (starting)

You Cannot Hide Forever (starting)

Imperial Decree (starting)

Image Of The Dark Lord

Security Percautions

Reactor terminal '

Strategy: '

You may be thinking to yourself "what?" Why do you have 4 effects listed for your starting effects. This is because these effects are deployed depending on what my opponent’s deck is. I always start with Secret Plans and First Strike. If your opponent plays Hidden Base start with You Cannot Hide Forever so you can lose it to go get Security Percautions. If your opponent starts out with Hoth Main Generators play (playing an EBO deck) start with Imperial Decree to cancel their force Drain Modifiers. If they are playing niether of those then start with You Cannot Hide Forever as your starting effect.


This desck is just a classic Hunt Down deck. Battle and over power your opponent. You can stalk them down with Elis Helrot, close em’ in and destroy Every character in this deck has defence value of 3 or greater (with the exception of of U-3P0 who is an undercover spy and dosen’t count). And the only ability 3 character in this deck is tarkin.


To duel in this deck is simple, get Vader’s Obsession (or The Circle Is Now Complete), Focused Attack, and a Vader (or Vader with lightsaber(there are two of each of those in this deck except vader which there are 5 of). Cards like elis help you get there faster and Vader’s Lightsaber helps, too.


The biggest difference from this to the older deck is that senses and alters have been put in for the place of podracing. i figured that podracing in the long run wasn’t all that important.


some of you may wonder why some of these cards are in my deck


Image Of The Dark Lord- destiny 6 and lessens oppnents activation


Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down- destiny 6, cancels Bacta Tank and is a Used interrupt.


It’s Worse- Destiny 6, cancels it could be worse and you can increase the damage.


U-3P0- Deploys as an undercover spy.


Here is what to do for these decks


Any space deck Take you starships and wait for a suprise attack when they least suspect it.

Hidden Base lose you cannot hide forever to go grab Security percautions.

HBOControl the Hoth sites to activate imperial decree. And a suprise attack


Any ground deckWatch the size of you opponent’s hand and force pile have on big attack group followed by a slightly smaller group to wipe out everyone (if the opponent’s characters are in big groups). for smaller amounts of characters, thak an army of 2 or 3 characters in if thereare still chacters after the first battle there move in people from ajacent sites.

WYS stick with sites that your opponent cant play fallen portal. if your opponent drains at possible fallen portal sites just sit there to block the force drain or duel, but dont battle.


With my older deck people asked why no executor? the answer is if i lose it my executor sites are all lost and so is Visage. also someone stated that i had too many zeros so i took 2 out. Another person said something about qui gon just go and swing at him with lord vader or over power him by a lot so its lose qui gon or a lot of cards. Boba Fett 48 said that i had too many low numbers to podrace so i took it out since i wasn’t getting done fast enough so i just left sebulba’s pod in there in case the opponent does. i also put in another starship got rid of thunderflare and added devestator.  if anyone else has advice no matter how little it is tell me what you think. '