---
author: Matt "BobaFett fan" Prosser
title: TDIGWATT deck from a new DeckTech member
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-28
description: This deck is a Dark Deal deck that
focuses on flipping the objective. I
have decent power and good sites.
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

Starting stuff (7)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time
Cloud City: Upper Walkway
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Crush The Rebellion

Locations (8)
Bespin
Bespin: Cloud City
Cloud City: Security Tower
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Port Town District
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Executor: Docking Bay

Characters (17)
Dr.Evazan
Janus Greejatus
Emperor Palpatine
Trooper Jerrol Blendin
Lieutenant Endicott
Sim Aloo
Mighty Jabba
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Captain Bewil
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Commander Igar
Lando Calrissian
Admiral Piett
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith

Starships (6)
Executor
Obsidian 8
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing One

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Effects (6)
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Search And Destroy
Lateral Damage
Ability, Ability, Ability
Wrong Turn

Interrupts (11)
A Real Hero
Masterful Move x2
Imperial Barrier x2
I Have You Now
Monnok
The Circle Is Now Complete
Hutt Smooch
Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son
Weapon Levitation

Admiral’s Order (2)
Battle Deployment x2

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber


Strategy: 

*****UPDATE***** remove some of the Masterful
Moves for 2 copies of Dark Maneuvers And Tallon
Roll. Also, thanks to everyone who reviewed my
deck. I didn’t submit this just for stars, BTW, it was
to make your acquaintances. Feel free to take ideas
from my deck to incorporate them into your Dark
Deal decks, but please give me credit where due.

Strategy: Since this is my first deck submission
to Decktech, Ill explain what each card is in the
deck for, and how I usually play my turns against
each dominant deck type in my area (Hoth: Ice
Plains).

     Against Profit: If I draw some good characters
in my starting hand, Ill deploy Mighty Jabba and
Mara Jade to the AC. I usually just set up massively
and not worry about my objective.

     Against There Is Good In Him: I like to deploy
a walker with an Imp piloting at the Landing Platform
to pick up Luke, from there I usually avoid battles
that I cant win, and give Luke to Vader.

     Against EBO: Set up the Deal ASAP and just cause
more damage than they can.

     Against WYS: Cant say here, never played it.
All I can suggest is to remember Secret Plans.

     Against MWYHL: Use the Occupation to cause lots
of damage, Imperial Barrier against beatdowns,
and use Secret Plans to hurt On The Edge.

     Turn 1: Search for Cloud City but do not deploy
it. Draw till I have 3 guys and a ship in hand.

     Turn 2: Search for Dark Deal and attempt to
pull it off. Draw till I get some good stuff in my
hand.

     Turn 3 and after: Just drain, reinforce sites
and play smart.

     Reasons for cards

     Weapon Levitation: I like this card, and it
can grab lightsabers (yours or the opponents).

     Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son: Gets rid of pesky
lightsabers that add to drains and its destiny 5.

     Wrong Turn: When I control Bespin, my opponents
warriors are deploy +2 to each site.

     Ability x3: Forces the opponent to come down
and get me, otherwise it helps against MWYHL.

     Endicott, Bewil, Jerrol Blendin: To set up the
Deal quickly, and to control the docking bays early
on for that +2 generation.

     TCINC: DV w/ saber automatically kills Obi w/
saber (which a lot of people use).

     You dont have to give me many stars for this
deck, but keep in mind that it is my first deck
submitted to DeckTech and I have been playing
TDIGWATT for over half a year now, and I am continually
searching for ways to make it better. I have tried
this deck with CC Troopers, Bounty Hunters, Sabacc,
Royal Guards, Tempest Scouts, and many other variants.
I have found that this type of TDIGWATT is effective
so that is why I submitted this one.  