---
author: bryce "khabarakh" leen
title: Bye Bye Walker Garrison
side: Light
date: 2001-03-05
description: While being a bit overthemed this deck will beat the crap out of any walker garrison deck (that ive ever seen).
rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: (4)
Hoth:Main Power Generatots
Hoth:north Ridge
The Signal
Echo Base Garrison

Locations:(5)

Hoth:Snow Trench
Hoth:Defensive Perimeter
Hoth:Echo Command Centre
Hoth:Echo Med Lab
Hoth

Characters:(13)

Commander Luke Skywalker
Commander Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Derrek "Hobbie" Klivian
Wes Janson
Dack Ralter
General McQuarrie
Seargent Hollis
Echo Base Trooper x2
Incom Engineer x2
Admiral Ackbar

Starships/Vehicles:(9)

Rogue 1 x2
Rogue 2 x2
Rogue 3 x2 
Rogue 4 
Home One
Lando In Mellenium Falcon

Interrupts:(9)

Walker Sighting x2
Lone Rogue
Desperate Tactics x2
T-47 Battle Formation x4

Effects:(3)

Mechanical Failures
Maneuvering Flaps
Hoth Sentry

Weapons/Devices:(17)

Planetary Defender Ion Cannon
Golan Laser Battery x2
Atgar Laser Cannon x4
Dual Laser Cannon x2
Power Harpoon x3
Portable Scanner
Portable Power Generator x3
Artillery Remote 

Strategy: 

This deck whilst a dominator of Walker Garrison style decks (of which there are a few floating around) it can still be a pain to others. if they come to beat up on hoth react and beat the @#$% out of them (be sure to shoot them too). use t-47 battle formatoin and bye bye with a drain o’ 12 and 4 of them in there it can be nasty. But when you find one beat the crap out of then pay out on the loser who made the deck. Basically you pull out the characters with the starting effect and put them on their speeders. Put 1/3 at 4th marker, 2 at 3rd and 4 at 2nd. Also put a portable power generator on the troopers and put them at 3rd marker (two here) and 2nd marker. Also put the atgars and golens at the 3,2,1 markers. If your opponent uses speeder bikes the beat up on one of them. Any walkers your opponent uses will be automatically be tripped with the harpoons (if there on rogue 1 or 3 with gunners) and that makes em power=zero hahaha then shoot them with the atgars. When they are tripped they are really useless, power zero, armour 2, any people on it have no ability and have no game text.     