---
layout: archive
author: ! John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: ! "Crushing Garrison"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-13
description: ! "A not-so-recent variant on a dark force manipulator coupled with heavy power enough to crush just about anything."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)

Hoth Ice Plains

Prepared Defenses

Imperial Arrest Order

Mobilization Points

Imperial Decree


Locations (5)

Death Star II Docking Bay

Coruscant Docking Bay

Executor Docking Bay

Hoth Echo Docking Bay

Hoth Defensive Perimeter


Characters (16)

Dengar With Blaster Carbine

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Prince Xizor

Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba

Commander Igar

Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle

General Veers

Lord Vader

Grand Moff Tarkin

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand

Arica

Snoova

Guri

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

IG-88 With Riot Gun


Vehicles (5)

Blizzard Walker x2

Blizzard 1

Tempest 1

Blizzard 2


Starships (7)

Virago

Chimaera

Flagship Executor

Devastator

Bossk In Hounds Tooth

Stinger

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter


Interrupts (13)

Alter & Collateral Damage x2

Sense x2

Weapon Levitation x2

Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?

Trample x2

Twi’lek Advisor

Walker Garrison x2

Imperial Barrier


Effects (6)

Reactor Terminal

Expand The Empire

Security Precautions

Presence Of The Force x2

Search And Destroy


Weapons (3)

Vader’s Lightsaber

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Vibro-Ax '

Strategy: '

I thought it was time for a little deviation away from the norm about now, so this is my version of a dark side force manipulator.  Rarely ever will it give up many icons in the early game, the time when activation is critical, frequently amassing tons of force activation early and using that to get out the quality guns that obliterate the light player.


Basic play starts in the first three turns, the only move typically made is pulling one of the 3 1/0 docking bays and putting some sort of lackey at it (don’t worry, they won’t be rendered useless, they’ll go and play with the force drains on Hoth later).  Let them start getting you some more force via Mobilization points to turn your docking bays into 3/0 monsters, also giving up 0 force from starting.  Ideally you can give yourself upwards of 11 force off of your own sites and give up nothing.  Security Precautions (while good for HB) also give you +1 generation.  Don’t pull and deploy the Echo Docking Bay until you must, this is the first icon you will give up more than likely, and the point of this deck is to start ’helping’ the light side with its activation after it is already too late.  Once you do get the Echo DB out, hold it down with a couple of peoples for the extra activation (even pulling your guys from the other DBs over).  This will be the first force drain you will acquire, more than likely, so guard it like a treasure.


The basic point of the deck is to take the game away from your opponent, deny him force to slow him down, allowing you more time and flexibility to get your people out and doing what they’re doing, as well as getting card advantage over your opponent too.  If your opponent starts getting loose and liberal seeing your people fall to docking bays take the chance to go remind him that the options are endless.  Always keep a wrecking crew in hand and ready to go when a weakness opens up.  If by chance you cannot easily swell over him with power use the wonderful Decree to shut him down while setting up for some drains on Hoth, it can get nasty on the ice planet.  Occasionally check with IAO for a DB in the reserve deck, check to see if the Defensive Perimeter is lurking in your active pile or not, and if it is, try to committ to getting it into your hand.  Expanding the Defensive Perimeter is a jewel, +1 force drain and +1 weapon destiny draws, this is too good to pass up if it can cover all three of the hoth sites you run.  Presence of the Force can get your troops into places he hides (Home One DB is the main culprit) and trash him good with a surprise attack while he is still forming up his troops (Crix is always a good target to take out early), which gives some flexibility on running a lot of spies.  POTF can also be used to boost activation and a force drain later on in the game.


One of the bigger problems with this type of deck would be that pesky watch your step deck when it flips and limits activation to just 1 at non-battlegrounds.  Yeah, that blows bad, use a POTF to get it back up again, or just get onto Hoth, keep in mind the damage that is being caused by NOT giving any force up.  It limits his activation which means he cannot deploy big and draw a lot, which always keeps you a couple of turns ahead if done correctly.


I do realize the destiny in this deck is pretty bad, but it goes without saying in a sheer power deck.  Sure I can amass ballistic power, but splash a little tracking into the scene with recyclable interrupts or reactor terminal and there should be no problem finding the 3’s, 4’s, and the occasional 5.  Tracking works worlds when used with Tramples and Choke Vader (both work strictly with ability, not defense value).  That and weapon destiny drawing has been made a bit easier with the 3rd marker, giving a much needed +1 to weapon draws.  Lord Vader running around with a saber is just a monster (adding +2 to each, or typically +4 total), there is little that can stand up against that, even with poor destiny numbers.  But if worst comes to worst, drop onto Hoth and get some walker garrison going, its the end-all solution.  Icon+POTF+Saber+Expand Drain+Garrison=Drain of 6.  Enough said about that, its possible to get 6, 6, and 5 for drains in one turn.  But the game is yours, play the deck as you’d see fit, its a monster, trust me.  Have fun too, as always '