---
author: Edwin "Edwin" Harris
title: ’Dem Crazy X-wings v2.0
side: Light
date: 2001-03-05
description: Well this is my second hidden base deck, I cleaned up the original ’Dem Crazy X-wings with some suggestions from everyone looking at the deck, THANKS!!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (5)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
Rondevous Point
Heading For The Meadical Frigate
YISYW
There Is No Try/Wise Advise

Locations(10)
Courlag
Kiffex
Courscant
Kessel
Roche
Bothowie
Yavin IV
Dagobah
Yoda’s Hutt
Raltiir

Characters (6)
TK-422
Bouusch
Jedi Luke
Chewbaca
Obi-Wan with stick x2

Starships (25)
X-Wing x20
Red Squadron x-wing x2
Red Leader In Red 1 x2
Home 1

Inturrupts (11)
Organized Attck x5
All Wings Report In x2
The Signal x4

Effects (3)
Well Guarded 
Rebal Fleet x2 

Strategy: 

Again I messed up on my deck take out one X-wing to add in Roche as the Hidden Base System (sigh)

Well Guarded is supposed to be Yarna.

When you use this deck you’ll wanna get out honor agenst about everything that you need it agenst, get out Well Guarded and Rebal fleet and d-d-d-draaaaaaiinnnnn!!!!

Here are some strategies agenst other decks: 

BHBM 
swarm X-wings in space, get rebal fleet and stop drains. Give them Luke and make em loose a force at the end of thier turn, don’t think about attacking them unless you know they dont have a ghhhk in thier hand and you can really smack em. Use undercover spies to your advantage.

Court 
Pull Honor your first turn. If they start No Escape or get it out get Luke and Obi to a place where they dont have anyone.

SYCFA 
Kill em in space if possible, this will be a pretty fun match up. 

TIES
Play smart. Swarm them where they don’t have guns. If you’re scared about this matchup add in some xwing cannons for one of the Obi’s or both, and some Xwings. 


I hope you enjoy my second Hidden Base Deck... thanks for the suggestions!!!   