---
layout: archive
author: ! Ben "Jigglypimp" Cavin
title: ! "Somebody Set Up Us The BOMB"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-21
description: ! "Agents of Black Sun deck that has only two losses. It has gone 2-1 and 1-1 with timed loss against those decks though. Went undefeated at Nevada States."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8) 

Agents of Black Sun / Xizor Rocks 

Coruscant 

Coruscant Imperial City 

Prince Xizor 

Imperial Arrest Order 

There Is No Try / Oppressive Enforcement 

Mobilization Points 

Prepared Defenses 


Locations(4) 

CCDB 

DSDB 

CoruscantDB 

SpaceportDB 


Characters(18) 

Prince Xizor x2 

Guri x2 

Vigo x3 

Emperor Palpatine x2

Snoova x2 

Fett with Blaster x2 

4Lom with rifle x2 

Jodo Cast x2 

IG88 with gun 


Effects(9)

Disarmed

Grabber

You Cannot Hide Forever 

Presence of the Force 

Search and Destroy 

Bad Feeling Have I 

Something Special Planned For Them

Security Precautions

Crush the Rebellion


Interrupts(14) 

Twilek Advisor 

Evader / Monnok x2 

Control / Set for stun x2 

Jabbas through with you x2 

Always thinking with your stomach x2 

Force Lightning

Hidden Weapons x2 

Abyssin Ornament 

Put All Sections On Alert 


Starships(4) 

Zuckuss in ship x2 

Bossk in bus 

Stinger 


Weapons(3) 

Vibro Ax x2 

Stun Blaster  '

Strategy: '

************************************************************

After reading some of the comments, I agree that I need a third battleground and a system, so I will put in Rendili for Bad Feeling Have I because it hardly ever got deployed and I kinda want them to deploy luke so I can capture him.

************************************************************



The only card I would add now is I Have you now. I dont like Young fool because Luke and Emp hardly ever face off. Even if I had it in the deck, the odds of having it in my hand when emp battles are slim. 


First Ill explain some cards,then some strategy. D-mail me if you want to know more. 


Explanations 

-Docking Bays No Projective of Skywalker on my DBs and Put all sections works well on DS too. Spaceport lets you go to them, or deploy to Coruscant and flip. 

-Disarmed Saved me a beatdown because Lando lost his ax. These are massive saviours. 

-You Cannot Hide Forever #s protection and lets the jedis get hit far easier, especially since there are no sabers in this kind of deck. 

-Monnok / Evader I am paranoid of Revolution, and Monnok wins games against swarms. 

-Control / Set for Stun Some jerk always tries to sense my hidden weapons even though I have my SAC stopper. This lets it go through. It also works well with big drains in space or where you cant get to. Set for stun sets up for beatdown (Superfalcon does not work so well when captain han gets stunned, and Dash and outrider doesnt work so well without dash).

-Jabbas through... Lets Jodo Cast grab his stun blaster pronto, and adds destiny. 

-Always thinking with your stomach BHBM? Luke draining alone at landing platform? Oh NO He’s missing, and I control DB for rest of game so he stays OFF table. 

-Hidden Weapons What crackhead does not realize the power of this card? I only have two because with more it is easily grabbed. Two is sufficient. 

-The Ornament Gimme my Vigos, and I’ve retrieved with it too 

-Zuckuss x2? Light side players get overjoyed when they kill zuckuss with 4lom on board, but they just come back next turn, and they frown. 

-Stun Blaster HUGE TECH Jodo cast with his stun blaster is BROKEN. I deploy it for free, fire for free, AND add THREE to my destiny???

-Something special planned for them instead of Secret Plans? Well, they usually have the force to pay, so I’d rather them not keep playing the stupid card, and It’s a better destiny. I may be being facetious here, but from what I have seen, these decks usually activate enough to be able to pay for the retrieval, so making them do it does not seem to be enough of a counter.


Strategy 

-Basically get a db to Xizor, flip the obj, wait for him to deploy Luke, then kill or better yet, capture him. Save Guri for space if they play up there, otherwise make he perform her bodyguard function.

-vs. Hidden Mains/Mains deck Get Xizor and a vigo, with somebody else to the DSDB, find put all sections on alert and wait for them. When they come down, then counter and make them cry.

-Vs. WYS Get all space to Tatooine Pronto. Get your four destinies, limiting them to one (stinger, guri, zuckuss, 4lom, bossk). Then take cantina with hunters and with for luke to deploy fett and jodo for the hidden weapons. Against the WYS beatdown, pile up at one system and at the cantina. That way its harder for them to get the jump on you. Also, with all the weapons and interrupts, its hard for them to keep all of their characters through the battle.

-VS. TIGIH scouts Use the thinking with stomachs wisely. Go to them and play smart. You should be able to out-tech them. Try to get luke with the stomach card. Its funny when you do.

-Vs. lotsa space Be sorry be very sorry. Just kidding. Get ground drains goin with search and destroy, then grab Sec. Prec. vs. HB. Use monnok at opportune times. 

-Vs. QMC Give them space at first. Concentrate on ground, then surprise their space crew when they land them or spread them out. You should be able to fight well on ground, the competition is between who uses tech better. 

-vs. EBO get ground drains going and flip fast. Grab Crush and use monnoks religiously. You should be able to hold a system or two and chase them around. Search and destroy, they will move over to the fourth marker, then make him think with his stomach. contols help with the big space drains. I took out an EBO before, it should not be all that hard of a matchup. If Space is prevalent in your meta, then put dengar or another stinger in the deck, or even resistance.  '