---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: Mains Strike Team
side: Light
date: 2001-01-22
description: This is a powerful mains deck played off of the RST platform.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

OBJECTIVE (1)
Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Destroyed

LOCATIONS (10)
 Endor
 Endor: Rebel Landing Site
 Toche Station
 Dagobah: Yodas Hut
 Endor: Chief Chirpas Hut
 Home One: War Room
 Hoth: Echo Command Center
 Rendezvous Point
 Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
 Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

CHARACTERS(19)
 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
 Ben Kenobi x2
 Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
 Captain Han x2
 Chewbacca, The Protector
 Lando With Vibro Ax
 General Calrissian
 Dash Rendar
 Mirax Terrik
 Admiral Ackbar
 First Officer Thaneespi
 Major Haashn
 Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader
 Lieutenant Blount

STARSHIPS (6)
 Falcon x2
 Home One
 Red Squadron 1
 Liberty
 Outrider

WEAPONS (2)
 Anakins Lightsaber
 Lukes Lightsaber

EFFECTS (10)
 Order to Engage
 Bacta Tank
 Battle Plan
 Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
 Honor Of The Jedi
 Insurrection
 Menace Fades
 Squadron Assignments
 Strike Planning
 Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us?

INTERRUPTS (10)
 Armed And Dangerous
 Control & Tunnel Vision
 Heading For The Medical Frigate
 I Know
 Punch It!
 Rebel Barrier
 The Signal
 Weapon Levitation  x2
 Fallen Portal

ADMIRALS ORDERS (2)
 Ill Take The Leader - Admirals Order x2 

Strategy: 

The Basic Concept.

This deck is made to deceive your opponent and make them think your are playing endor scouts. They come down to the Rebel Landing Site and you beatthem down. If this does not work then just play the game out like a mains deck. Use your Twix’s and Toche Station to totally overpower your opponent. Choke the opponent’s force and if they come to the ground beat them down. If they go for space play smart and plan when to attack at their weakest point with all of your power.

I love mains I just can’t build enough of these decks this is just another idea I had do I decided to try it.

The Start: You start RST/GD, Rebel Landing Site, and Endor as your staring objective and locations. Use Heading For the medical frigate and start with Strike Planning, Squadron Assignments, and Battle Plan (Start D,ODN/WA vs. BHBM. Start by pulling General Calrissian with Strike Planning to make the illusion that your are seeting up on endor. When your first turn is over draw card or two and pretend you don’t have anything good in your hand. Then when opponent deploys on your next turn if you have enough force lay a beatdown on his guys. otherwise start to set up in space and save your force for next turn. If he dosen’t come down then go to him and beathim down wherever he deploys. You will have a major force advantage so just overpower him and use Battle Plan to slow his drains down and leave hime with even less force. This deck is great if played right.

Locations: A whole bunch of Twix’s for major activation and if you drop Luke, JK at tovhe you will be acticating 7 at just that one site. You shold have no problem choking your opponents force. Besides if opponent dosen’t have any force he can’t play the cards he need and you can win easy.

Characters: Wonderful selection of characters I was able to fit quite a bit into this mains deck. Use your mains for beatdowns except use Captain Han for space and use the Calamari, Dash, and Edge to battle in space. You shold have no problem on the ground or in space with these powerful combo’s.

Ships: These ships matched with their pilot are beasts. Beat your opponent down at their weakest point with the Super Falcon and some backup. That alone could end the game. Watch out for ties, but great power here.

Weapons: Weeooww BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZT, saber for luke or leia.

Interrupts: Use punch it to draw extra destinies in space. Use your Weapon Levatations to steal the opponents weapons. Use your Interrupts to thier greatest advatage and they will serve you well.

Effects: If mains are the body of this deck then Effects are the soul. These help choke the opponets force. Kill SAC cancel opponets force drain bonuses and save your mains from death. without these this deck would sucK.

Record: This deck has gone 2-0 in playtesting against my friends. I hope to take it to a local tourney and win myself some more cards.

MatchUps:

BHBM: If vader comes to endor kill him if he goes anywhere else kill him. Use your weapon lev’s and fallen portal to beatthem down, but give them luke after he is used early. Try to drain at endor, toche, and Landing Site. Beat them down with the falcon if they come to space. You have good protection against SAC so don’t worry. Play your mains right and you can pull this difficult matchup off.

Hunt Down: Again kill vader and get a little draing in. Use your mains for direct damge suicide mission and make oponet lose tons of force. Keep luke and Obi away from mara and vader. If you must duel track and get Luke his saber. If they go to space battle them. Choke their force so they can’t deploy anything. Difficult matchup, but with a little skillful play it can be done.

Court: Beathem dowwn all over and invade JP cancel S & V and drain away your opponents aliens and BH’s won’t stand a chance. Choke their foce and run them over. This game is fairly simple if you act quickly.

MKOS: Just the same, don’t let them flip and destroy them.

Endor Ops: Ifiltrate the bunker and beatdown anyone who is there. Battle them at their weakest point in space and use order to engage. Coke their force so they can’t deploy the big ships. If you kill them quick this matchup is fairly simple.

Ties: These are very difficult use order to engage and Punch it.  Stack pilots on your capitals and use Hassh’n to cancel Lat. Damage. If they come to the ground beathem down. battle smart in space and maybe drain a little on the ground. Use battle plan to kill their drains and activation. Also depennds on teh skill of your opponents. It can be done.

May the Swartz be with you.

Thanks for reading I hope you’ll love rewiewing it as much as I liked building it.

Mason (J)



