---
author: Jan "BronzeDynamo" Argilagos
title: Arent you a little short to be a Stormtrooper?
side: Light
date: 2001-04-24
description: Well Ive seen a whole bunch of people suddenly show interest in this deck, even though I have had versions of this ever the OBJ came out (using Eloms & Plastiod armor &#8211; I loved that, Spies immune to weapon destiny >6  all  over the place)
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING 		(8)

RTP/STIEAM
Y4: War Room
Y4: DB
DS: DB 327
DS: Detention Block
Prisoner 2187
The Signal
Echo Base Garrison

LOCATIONS		(4)
Y4: Jungle
Rendevous Point
Dagobah: Yoda s Hut
Tatooine: DB 94

CHARACTERS	(15)
8D8				
ASP-707			x2
Prisoner 2187
Luke Skywalker JK		x2
Obi-Wan w/ LS
Han w/ Heavy Blaster		x2
Chewbacca, Protector
Cdr Wedge Antilles
Coran Horn
Lando w/ Vibro Axe
Orimarrko
Cpl Beezer
Yoxgit

VEHICLES		(4)
Lift Tube			x2
Air Swoop			x2

EFFECTS		(8)
Scramble
Bacta Tank
I Hope Shes Alright
Staging Areas
Death Star Plans		x3
Order To Engage
Menace Fades

INTERRUPTS	(16)
Weapon Levitation
Shocking Information
Skywalkers
Don t Get @#$%y
OOC/ TT
How Did we Get Into this Mess	x2
This is all Your Fault			x2
Fallen Portal				x2
The Force Is Strong w/ This One
Lift Tube Escape			x3
Droid Shutdown			x2

GREEN  STUFF	(5)
Anakins L/S
Lukes  L/S
Mercenary Armor			x2
Obi &#8211; Wan s  Journal



Strategy: 

 
Most people know the basic strategy so therefore I will explain card choices.
 First EBG instead of prep Defenses allows to pull 8D8 quickly along w/ the Tank  & overlooked  Wedge (D3 F6).  I find that the start is mostly personal playing style & the local meta. Decks around here set up FAST, so this is important to me, especially w/ my drawing luck.
 Most of the characters can hold a site alone or with another character.  Yoxgit  helps get those weapons/devices back in hand after the character goes to the Tank or just keep losing it over again to a force drain.  Wegde is a good low deploy/high forfeit  character, and easy to get.   ASP driod put back those lift tubes & swoops also additional target for DS plans & fodder for This is all your Fault.  Most of the other are your standard mains & toys. 
Air swoops make it harder for opponent to get away from OTE, scramble (I love this card) makes them fear it more & stops all those Capturing bounty hunters in their tracks.  Hope shes alright vs. space decks.  The &#8220;usual&#8221; fallen portal, Weapon Lev/ Shock/lift tube escape/ are all good recyclable destines, & destiny adders just to pile it on.  How did we get into this mess helps you get the cards  early & quickly. 
Merc Armor gives Leia extra power Armor  & immunity to attrition, and the much aligned journal (you either like this card or not, I have found out) helps vs. drain bonus cancellation of which this deck has a lot of.  

Basically you must play it smart free prisoner 2187 via 8D8/Drain/ move via lift tube/ xfer with swoop  then move to War Room/ flip.  Deploy effects w/ signal and deploy the beat downs as you get them into hand.  (ex:  a power 10 luke running around is formidable w/ L/S and merc armor add Han & force is strong & Don t get @#$%y is three destiny w/ two good weapon shots@ f=0) There are a lot of combos, that help out the flip side.

Match Ups

Vs. Hunt Down: just battle Vader as soon as he comes down = Out of play= shut down. Let him have his space away from Luke/ Obi until you kill him.

Vs. Heavy Space(SYCFA-Big Blue variants): this is the toughest, due to lack of weakness there (okay lack thereof at all) I decided against doing a halfhearted attempt that might hurt me more. This becomes a drain race: use Hope she s  alright & Menace fades ASAP to slow  them down spread your drains and concentrate your big one w/ Obis journal along w/ prisoner 2187(+2FD, +1wL/S, +2 if @DBC, +1 for site, is FD 6 that can t be canceled )

Vs. RalOps  use same of the same strategies for FD, and attempt to dislodge them if the opportunity arises.  Usually they can t get back anything as you do, plus they go OOP.  Some tough battles will occur as long as it s played well

Vs. Court / MKOS okay so no losing immunity to attrition still scramble vs BH is Sweeeet.  Fallen portal these puny guys easily,  and keep the princess away from them.
Another use for the journal helps cancel all those BH weapons destinies also. Whatever weapons get through, This is all your fault them to your droids (then Droid shutdown it!).  Some good tough battles, but you should overcome w/ retrieval  until they run out of characters.

Vs. Dark Deal:  This is battle deck vs battle deck they might have a little more power but you have retrieval & they don t, use it wisely (Secret Plans) watch your force carefully to pay for it, eventually they will run out of characters  

Well that covers most things This is NOT a miracle deck, it will not automatically win, It must be played right. The potential of the deck is it s might.  As always constructive ideas are always welcome, as this is an Objective I really like, even if it isn t the best.

Thanks ,   The Bronze Dynamo


