---
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: Why I am 5 points in Fantasy DPC
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-12
description: This is why I am a mere 5 points. Check it out my deck.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
SYCFA/TUPINTU

Locations (9):
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay
Alderaan
Wakeelmui
Death Star: War Room
Endor
Sullust
Kashyyyk
Asteroid Field

Characters (5):
Arica
U-3PO
Merrejk
Emperor Palpatine x2

Starships (17):
Death Star Assault Squadron
Emperors Shield
TIE Interceptor x12
Dreadnaught x3

Weapons (3):
SFS L-s 9.3 Laser Cannons x3 (from SE)

Interrupts (12):
Flawless Marksmenship
Relentless Pursuit
Twilek Advisor x2
All Power To Weapons x3
Short Range Fighters
Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Shocking Revelation
Ommni Box/It’s Worse
Prepared Defenses

Effects (10):
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Secret Plans
Oppressive Enforcement/There is No Try
Mobilization Points
Ability, Ability, Ability
Pride of the Empire
Grabber x2
Presence of the Force

AO (2):
Fighter Cover x2 

Strategy: 

Some of you people are idiots. Add Chiraneu? I don’t play Star Destroyers moron. And Lateral Damage sucks, too much stuff cancels it now. 

Yes Clint, this deck loses when Battle Plan, Aim High, and OTE are out. But remember, I suck. Give me 5 next time.




Note: Pull Emperors for another Presence of the Force and another Ghhhk combo card.

Relentless Pursuit is tech! Better than Lateral Damage nowdays.

This deck is fun and easy to play yet wins a lot of its games. Start TINT/Oppressive Enforcement, Secret Plans, and Mob Points. Just pull out your DS War room for activation and try and deploy systems. Also pull Wakeelmui and deploy SFS there. If you have Ghhhk, put a lone Tie to a drain 2 or 3 system (PotF) and wait. After you Ghhhk away damage from battle, just kill him with Ties and maybe a Dreadnaught. You get huge retrieval and decent activation plus Ties are not very expensive. Dreaded Imperial Starfleet cancels drains. Use Ghhhks so you can spread your forces. 

Vs mains 
just wait for them to deploy their small fleet and beat them down. All Power to Weapons with a group of 4-6 TIE’s is just awesome. 20-30 power, plus destiny, and immunity can take out whatever they have. Grab anything annoying. Retrievel win help get you a large differential and they can’t drain much (spies, Dreaded Imperial Starfleet). Late game Short Range Fighters wins game for you with your big drains. Remember to use AAA.

Vs. aliens
Not too hard. Depends though. Just spread and drain and Ghhhk. Then try to kill him from space and block their drains. You have added retrieval to win.

Vs. speeders
Easy. Spread, and then you get to have a drain race. You will win thanks to drain blocking and bigger drains. Just watch for any space he might have. If so, just battle anything he puts in space and make him lose for it.

Vs. WYS
Hardest of all. You need to use All Power to Weapons to protect you from the multiple destinies. Use spies and the effect to limit ground drains. Drain at your systems. Ghhhk whenever you are caught alone. Use your AO to cancel his. Shoot his guys down. Limit retrieval with Secret Plans. Play smart. Then you can win.

Vs. Anything else
Just try to win any space battles, retrieve, and drain. Not hard with all the retrieval and drain power. You can easily drain for around 4-6 a turn early in the game. They can’t really stop you either unless they pack SAC

This deck is good. It’s only lose happened when this guy played Revealed on my spies and then beatdown a lone TIE with a super Falcon and I had no Ghhhk. 

- Chris ”Wedge231” Wo@#$%a    