---
layout: archive
author: ! Alexandre "Lord Kenobi" Dufresne
title: ! "My Game Winning Set Your Course for Alderan deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-18
description: ! "Sir we have arrived at the Alderan System  the Captain looks out the window You idiot thats the Endor System"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)


Set Your Course for Alderan 

Death Star 

Death Star Docking Bay 327 

Alderan 

Prepared Defenses 

Oppressive Enforcement & There is No Try 

Resistance 

Moblization Points 


Locations (10)


Alderan 

Death Star

Death Star Docking Bay 327 

Endor 

Kashyyyk

Kessel

Asteroid Field 

Sullust  

Kiffex  

Wakeelmui 


Characters (6)


IG- 88 with Riot Gun 

4- Lom with Gun 

Snoova 

EPP Vader 

Arica 

Commander Merrjk 


Starships (18)


Dreadnaught Class Heavy Cruiser x2 

Emperors Shield 

Emperors Sword 

TIE Interceptor x 13  

Black 11


Weapons (1)


Vibro Axe


Effects (9)


Mobilization Points 

Resistance 

Oppressive Enforcement & There is No Try 

Battle Order 

Pride of The Empire 

Lateral Damage 

Sienar Fleet Systems x2 

Ability, Ability, Ability 


Interrupts (13)


Short Range Fighters x2 

Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won`t Escape Us x2 

Prepared Defenses 

Operational as Planned x2

Twilek Advisor 

Imperial Barrier x2

All Power To Weapons x3  


Admirals Order (2)


Fighter Cover x2  


Objectives (1)


Set Your Course for Alderan/ The Ultimate Power in The Universe  

'

Strategy: '

For this deck, I chose TIE Interceptors over Vanguards and a mixture or TIE&#8217;s as with Short Range Fighters, you will need them in large numbers. Just split your TIE&#8217;s up into groups with a few TIE&#8217;s and a Dreadnaught in each group that way you can use the Dreadnaught to move your TIE&#8217;s from system to system and can beat your opponent. As you have 13 TIE Interceptors in this deck and your opponent will have a tough time out draining you. You just deploy your starships in 2-3 large groups and then just beat him up. With all the Interceptors you will have out on the table, When drawing for Short Range Fighters you should always get the right destiny and with about 9-10 Interceptors out, you should get that number of cards back from your lost pile. Unless your opponent uses On The Edge, Off The Edge or All- Wings Report in You can retrieve what you lose and your opponent cannot. On The Edge/ Off Th Edge can hurt your opponent if he gets a bad destiny, they can make him lose a guy or even some force With Short Range Fighters you get a bad destiny, big deal you lose nothing except for the fact you must put Short Range Fighters in your Used pile a hope to get another one soon. 


Why those character selections?  


Well rather than doing like some SYSFA deck, you want to hold the Docking Bay and kill or capture all those who deploy there. With Short Range Fighters, you can retrieve lost force and even get the occasional character back With Snoova + Axe you can capture a character before a battle starts   


Except for the characters who ALWAYS stay at the Docking Bay, just play this deck like any other SYCFA deck.


Why no Emperor?


With The other characters in here Palpy is not needed and all he would do is prevent your opponent from controlling the docking bay and winning battles their.  


This deck has gone 12-0 with Monster Victories 


Now for the Match-ups&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;


Why the Admiral’s Orders?


They are in their mainly to make you opponent play more cautiously and maybe make some mistakes, as with Fighter Cover, he will expect you deck to have some Weapons in it for use on your fighters. This is also in their to cancel your opponents Admirals orders as I&#8217;ll Take the leader can really hurt your deck.  


Why Operational As Planned?


It is a trackable destiny 5 which you can use any time. It is great for Grimtaash defense (putting a card like Ghhhk or All Power back down to avoid LOST Grimtaash devastation). But it is primarily in there to give you another Force in case someone tries to Frozen Assets you so you can still play your interrupts in battle (like Ghhhk). This card is phenomenal in this deck.


Why the Asteroid Field?


It is another place to drain and also a way to kill your own TIEs to your Used Pile (with Sienar). You can also cancel your opponent’s drains at the related system if he gets a large space package out. But mostly, it is to give your lone, hyperspeedless Vanguards somewhere to run to avoid a beatdown.


Now for the match-ups...


VS. Profit


This is your only hard match-up. Start Battle Order in stead of There Is No Try and try to get it out as soon as you can. Most profit decks have little or no space so just get out your systems and deploy like crazy, just destroy whatever ships he has and then drain him to death.  


VS. Dagobah Training


Play like normal and drain him to death, but watch out for a beat down, especially if he flips his objectives.  


VS. EBO


Wreck him in space. Use the Asteroid Field to cancel one of his drains. Watch for an opportunity to drop Pride of the Empire for some constant Force loss. Should be an easy win.


VS. Hidden Base


Play as normal, but be more conscious of a possible beat down. Probe like mad whenever you can and use your Battle Order to slow his drains. You should wreck him.


VS. TIGIH/ICSH


Leave Luke alone Never Take him hostage. If he starts making you loose 2 force from his objective or other cards, then just use Short Range Fighter to get that lost force back. 


VS. Eloms


I haven&#8217;t played against this deck, but an easy victory. 


VS. Throne Room


Play as normal, but watch out for the Home One or Super Falcon beat down. Also you should be a little more careful when making you moves, as against a throne room deck, a bad move could be fatal.  


'