---
layout: archive
author: ! Pete "Ghetto 13" Flamini
title: ! "Pete’s Endor Ops  aka  What’s That Do"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-26
description: ! "The ultimate meta-game choice for QMC, RST, and sometimes even WYS.  And it’s fckin’ fun."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Crap (8)

Endor Operations/Impossible Flip

Endor

Endor Bunker

Endor Landing Platform

Prepared Defenses

Combat Response

Oppresive Enforcement (Old-school, NOT the combo)

Planetary Subjugation (What’s that do?)


Locations (4)

Kashyyyk (drain 2)

Sullust (drain 2)

Tatooine (for Profit or Slave Quarters Jank)

Kessel (convert theirs)


Dudes (12)

Baron Soontir Fel x2

Major Turr Phennir

DS-181-4

Colonel Jendon

Captain Jonus x3 (What’s he do??)

Vader w/ Glowstick x2

Commander Merrejk

U-3PO


Ships (12)

Saber 1

Saber 2

Saber 4

Onyx 1

Scimitar 2 x2

Scythe Squadron TIE x2

Dreadnaught x4


Weapons (5)

SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x3

Proton Bombs x2  (What do these do?)


Effects (3)

Lateral Damage

Secret Plans

There’ll Be Hell to Pay


Admiral’s Orders (1)

Fighter Cover


Interrupts (15)

Operational As Planned x2

Dark Maneuvers

Dark Maneuvers/Tallon Roll x2

Heavy Fire Zone (What’s that do?)

I Can’t Shake Him x2

They’re Coming In Too Fast (What’s that do?)

All Power to Weapons x3

Tarkin’s Orders x2

Relentless Pursuit '

Strategy: '

****EDIT****

Just one quick point.  When I referred to the flip side of this objective as ”Impossible Flip”, I was not saying the objective itself is un-flip-able.  What I’m saying is that it is impossible to meet the ”If Ominous Rumors and Establish Secret Base on table” criteria with a deck that includes neither Ominous Rumors or Establish Secret Base.  For what it’s worth, I do routinely use the excuse of looking for Ominous Rumors during my control phase if I want to know what I activated.

****End Edit****


****GENCON EDIT****

Deck went 3-1, including 2-0 against WYS.  BGKenobi is right, it did lose to RST, but NOT because of the huge activation.  Because Juz in his finite wisdom ruled they could still blow away the collapsed bunker, AND it was against a 1950+ player who actually played it like a champ to prevent me from collapsing it a second time on his dudes’ heads.  Props to him, slops to me.  I’ll still take 3-1 at a major Con though....

****End Edit****


They say you shouldn’t post your deck right before a big tourney (GenCon), but what do I care?  Few people out there have the balls to play this deck, and NOBODY is going to deliberately defend against it.  So here goes....


This deck started as an idea between TJ, Chu, GhostFace, and Ghetto Leader (I think a bong was involved) on how to stop RST when Tat. first came out.  They discarded it, I picked it up, changed about 15 cards, and took it to Origins.  At Origins, a few other guys liked it, we changed about 5 more cards, and here it is.


Basically you use Baron to hold the main system, and bomb the sh1t out of all the sites.  Jonus pulls Scimitar 2, Scimitar 2 pulls the bombs, and you’re off.  Planetary Subjugation makes you only need a 4 to collapse a site, and with Oppresive Enforcement making your Dreadnaughts each 4, you have 30 hits out of 52 cards when you start (don’t forget, those bombers are 7’s), even greater odds as you start pulling the 1’s out with Combat Response.  Everybody dies.  It’s just that simple.



Strategy

Here’s how you play it.  First turn, you will have something in your hand you can Combat Response other than the bomber.  Do NOT deploy the bomber until the back-up is already down there.  Go to their ”main” system.  If they did not bring a system, go to your Endor to drain for 2 right off the bat.  After that, drain at the systems, bomb their sites, drain some more.  If you smell landing claw, don’t deploy the Dreadnaughts.  Use EPP Vader to clear a site or two, U-3PO to block a major drain, and Tarkin’s Orders to cancel some more.  All the while draining for 4-6 a turn in space.  The deck has no retrieval, so you need to do as much as possible from the very beginning.



Common Questions

Endor Ops gives up too much force, why not just use SYCFA?

With Endor Ops, I have the immediate drain of two at the system.  Usually, people think it’s a good idea to spend the extra force dropping Qui-Gon to my DB.  Please do, I’m gonna blow it (and him) up next turn.  With SYCFA, my opponent is setting up while I’m searching for somewhere to drain.


Why not use Imp. Command to  pull Piett to pull Merrejk to pull your systems?

That was the original thought, but just wasn’t feasible.  It was too expensive (this deck runs on low force) to get Piett and Merrejk on a Dreadnaught early.  I couldn’t throw them into the Bunker because Jar Jar Bomb would come down and remove a guy for the EPP beat-squad to rape the other.  Plus some people still use Hayes’s Scrambled Transmission idea to stop Merrejk anyway.  I was actually doing better just finding my planets.


What do you do about decks that only play exterior sites?

Most of those decks revolve around Tatooine, which I bring.  Once I hold Tatooine, U-3PO, Vader, Tarkin’s Orders will slow the damage enough.  It’ll be close, but winnable.


Why on earth do you play three Jonus’s?

A) To make sure you get him early so you can bomb what they’re attempting to set up.  B) Because he’s like a Ghhhk except you don’t have to forfiet the rest of the cards first.  Lose to Super Falcon by 20?  Just sack Jonus, then deploy a TIE cannon to shoot the Falcon out of the sky.  Oh, and other Jonus in case you miss.  Heck, late game he holds a system by himself.  Either you waste your ships/pilots killing Jonus (who I just replace) while I drain you for 4-6 somewhere else, or you leave Jonus to stop the bigger drains and get more sh1t bombed.



Match Ups


QMC Auto-Win.  I go to Bespin first turn, bomb the next.  You pull a site, I collapse it.  You pull another, I collapse that too.  And I get to Bespin faster than you.  Once, a guy had Home One/Corran Horn is his opening hand, so he saved up and came after Baron/Jonus on his second turn.  APtW/Relentless Pursuit, thanks for playing, you just lost a battle 17-2.  And then I go back to bombing.


RST There’s an arguement on this.  Some TD’s say you can’t ”blow away” a collapsed site, so you just destroy your own Bunker second turn and laugh at their stupid objective.  Other TD’s say they can still blow it up because ”it retains the name” but it doesn’t matter.  In that case, I just wait until you walk all your guys inside.  Then I bomb it.  And if I miss the first time, Fighter Cover allows me to try again.  The only thing worse than having your objective flop is losing all your characters at the same time.


WYS  Ah, the LS Beast.  Make no mistake about it, a 2000+ player with a WYS deck can beat me, the retrieval loop edge’s it out, even if grabbed.  But I still win my fair share.  Basically it all comes down to the first battle at Tatooine.  You’re both playing Matching Pilots, so when you go to Tatooine on your first turn, they come after you on their first turn.  If you win that first battle (or your counter-attack to that battle) and take the system, they’re done.  You re-fortify Tatooine, bomb the Cantina and DB94, the fly to Endor to bomb your DB.  The only place left to flip is in space, where your cannons and Tallon Rolls do the trick.  And don’t come at me with that Cap’n Han/Falcon sh1t either.  Barron still shoots his @#$% down despite his ”2 to maneuver” assuming the Scythes just don’t Tallon Roll his ass.


Slave Quarter Jank  Like I said, not an easy match-up.  U-3PO, Vader, Tarkin’s Orders, and hope you get set up faster than them.


Profit (or AITC for that matter)  Same thing as above, except they have to either rescue Han before they’re ready to retrieve, or risk letting you collapse the AC on his head.  Either way, they can’t drain on Tatooine early, and this works to your advantage.


HB  Hahaha.  You’re both playing Matching Pilots in space, except you have better interrupts and you can drain for more than 1 early.  Should be an easy win.


Anything else  There’s not much else out there right now except maybe some townie with EBO, but you should be able to beat him too.  Just remember, Tarkin’s Orders also cancels Hyper Escape.



That’s about it.  It’s not a ”World’s-Winning Deck” by any means, but it does win a lot more than it loses, and is fun as all hell.  Peace....    '