---
author: brad "swccguy" eier
title: Hidden Mains, post-Tatooine
side: Light
date: 2001-06-07
description: its nothing new but it’s still that damn good
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Hidden Base

Locations (7)
Tatooine (hb indicator)
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Cloud City: Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Home One: Docking Bay
Corulag

Characters (16)
Qui-Gon Jinn x 2
Ben Kenobi x 2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x 2
Leia With Balster Rifle x 2
Han With Heavy Blaster
Captain Han Solo
Orrimaarko
Corran Horn
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Padme` Naberrie
Chewbacca, Protector
Mirax Terrik

Weapons (3)
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Starships (4)
Millenium Falcon x 2
Spiral
Home One

Podracers (1)
Anakin’s Podracer

Interrupts (22)
Sense x 3
Alter
Off The Edge x 2
On The Edge x 2
Throw Me Another Charge
A Few Manuevers
The Bith Shuffle & Desparate Reach
Out Of Comission & Transmission Terminated
A Jedi’s Patience
Weapon Levitation
Blaster Deflection
A Jedi’s Focus
Fallen Portal
Swing-And-A-Miss
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Glancing Blow
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency
Courage Of A Skywalker

Effects (5)
Insurrection
Battle Plan
Your Insight Serves You Well
Menace Fades
Staging Areas





Strategy: 

this deck is loaded with tech.... yeah right.  anyway after trying a ”tat mains” deck and getting killed, then losing badly with the ”broken qmc” deck, i put this together and have been using it since then.

ok its mains with some good destinies and it really packs a punch. i like this deck for a few reasons:
1. it has a lot of anti-duel cards and combined with hi destiny you won’t lose many duels of any variety.  
2. it has retrevial that you can afford even w/secret plans
3. it can fight hard-core in space or on ground.
4. menace fades + battle plan=lockdown.
but my favorite part of this deck.....
it has SAC which a lot of people don’t expect anymore. its only 4 cards worth but thats usually enough to make it worth your while.

...so how do you play this deck?
well early you just pull sites and take damage from court o vosage or whatever for a turn or 2 while you get set-up.  if your opponent deploys something go and attack it, otherwise just stay to your docking bays.  setup retrevial and fight if you need to.  you don’t have a lot of destinies that you just toss to your used pile then track.. instead, the best way to track in this deck is to battle and see what destinies you draw for weapons or attrition.  

matchups:
court-vs court scum just take over the AC or setup menace fades, either way etrieve and fight and win.  vs court mains with mauls and vader and imp command just plat defensively, use sac if you need to, fight when its in your favor.

hd-well it will be podracing so you start your anakins pod, and start drawing your 3 and choosing 2 bit, if you get high destinies stack them, if not you can just toss the stuff into your used pile, its no big deal.  the force loss if you lose is a bit rough but you can deal with it.  get dueling cards ready so you don’t get epic dueled.  keep quigon alive and retrieve often.  fight them, thats the last thing they want, and beat on them.

other stuff- play reactive and retrieve, do a beatdown if you can


stuff i wanna add:
alter
fall of the legend
signal
honor
bacta tank
savrip
more destiny 5/6 i can recycle

later
brad swccguy eier
