---
author: Carson "Artoo3:16" Bell
title: Did I Just Hidden Weapons your Jedi!!
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-27
description: Agents of the Black Sun deck which uses Hidden Weapons to keep Luke off the table and hopefully hit with some battle damage.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(8)
Agents of the Black Sun
Coruscant
Coruscant: Imperial City
Prince Xizor
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
Secret Plans

Locations(5)
Carida
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay (1st turn flip)
Endor: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Bay

Characters(24)
Boba Fett with gun x3
Jodo Kast x2
Prince Xizor x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Guri x2
Vigo x4
Snoova x2
Vader with stick x2
IG-88 with gun 
Dengar with gun
4-Lom with gun
Djas Phur
Bane Malar

Weapons(1)
Vibro-Ax

Starships and Vehicles(7)
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Zuckuss in ship x2
Bossk in bus x2
Dengar in ship

Interrupts(10)
Hidden Weapons x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi’Lek Advisor x2
Masterful Move
Ghhhk
Limited Resources
Abyssin Ornament

Effects(5)
Search and Destroy
No Escape
Presence of the Force
Lateral Damage
First Strike



Strategy: 

If you read the card it says for remainder of game your bounty hunters etc Black Sun agents. Then it says you may not deploy other cards with ability so when it flips you can deploy other cards with ability.



First turn I pull the Spaceport docking bay and move Xizor over for a first turn flip and hopefully drop another character.  I use Mob. Points to grab Carida and try to set up 2 main forces one with Palpy and one with Xizor.  If they are playing air or training I try to sent up Search and destroy very quickly.  Itry to use Jodo Kast, Boba Fett and Snoova to capture and keep Luke off the table.

The Match-Ups...
vs Hidden Base- get direct damage and search and destroy going and use the flip side of the objective to find ships

vs Docking Bay Mains- use hidden weapons and Snoova to get some surprise battles and try to capture Luke and then take advantage off the bonus to attrition and checking destinies on the flip side.

vs Profit- start with Snoova and Boba Fett to get free deploy and move them over right away to get a fast drain.  Play this game like vs a mains deck.

vs Watch Your Step- use Lateral Damage on which ever ship is at Kessel and try to use Zuckuss and Bossk to pound on it.  Take over the ground with capturing.

any advise would be cool.
