---
layout: archive
author: ! jeff "crummyplayer" templeton
title: ! "yub yub     crunch"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-29
description: ! "it’s ewoks, and why the heck not?"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting  (3)

carful planning

Echirpys hut

Eewok village


characters (25)

chef chirpa

wicket

wuta

kazak

2 qui-gon

daughter of skywalker

5 ewok spearman

4 ewok sentry

4 ewok tribesman

3 ithorians 

2 threepio


interrupts (14)

4 suprise counter assault

2 were you looking for me

2 ambush

2 sound the attack

3 the signal

nar shadaa chimes


effects (6)

2 bargaining table

wa/dodn

mechanic failure

disarmed

what are you tryin to push on us


weapons/devices (6)

3 ewok spear

2 ewok catapult

qui-gons saber


locations (6)

Eancient forest

Edense forest

Ehidden forest trail

Elanding platform

Eback door

Elanding site




'

Strategy: '

ok, i know your laughing at this deck but it can be suprisingly effective.  for the most part you will play defensivly with the deck and let them try to bust up the ewoks hood (did i just say that?) and then wait for their force drain.  when they say i’ll drain you for whatever slap down an assault and dump a million ewoks to the site. the deck has a bunch of weaknessess against space and the like but you can drain for quite a bit on the ground when it comes to it.  and will the ability to add light icons to your site your ewoks can yip-cha some serious butt with some serious power on the ground.  use threepio to add some destinies, use your spears to make some characters power zero, disarm vader or maul with an ewok spear (heh,heh) and generally overwelhm a stunned oppenent on the ground.  this deck may not be the best ever created, but it is definatly one of the most fun to play.  By the way, use your signals to get wa/dodn early so your SCA doesn’t die to SAC, becauase SCA is a very important part of this deck.  feel free to tell me anything that will help out the deck, because i’d really like to make this as competitive of a deck as possible.  


ok, i’m updating this deck a little based on some games that i played with it. 

first, the deck has had some problems against decks that haven’t bothered to come to endor and end up draining me for more somewhere else.  the deck needs some more defense against that so, i’m substituting a TK-422 for one of the ewok spearman.  also, though it kind of depends on your meta in the area, the deck needs definitly some ICBW to slow down drains and also stuff your spy and BT won’t handle like force loss from objectives and the like.  if there are a lot of presence of the force players then you could drop in some i have a really bad feeling about this in (i think that’s it’s name, it’s the one that re-targets an interrupt or effect, there’s so many of those damn bad feeling titled cards) to add some more power to your ewoks. 


all and all just experiment with it and have fun.  remember if you lose a game with it you can blame it on those pesky little ewoks and then pull out your real deck ) '