---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: ! "my lord we win the podrace"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-03
description: ! "type 11 my lord deck that podraces battles and drains on tatooine"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting (8)

my lord is that legal/of couse it is

galctic senate

maul`s landing site

start your engines

tatooine podrace arena

sebulba`s podracer

boonta eve podrace

watto`s box


charcters (19)

lott dod x2

yeb yeb

aks moe

porn free ta x2

passel argente x2

tikkes

maul x3 (tat)

chokk 

p-59

p-60

aurra sing

keder the black

gardulla the hutt

nute gunray


sites (3)

tatooine mos espa

tatooine market place

blockade flagship bridge


effects (6)

this is outrageous (cancel force drain)

motion supported (+2 force drain)

drop

allegations of corruption

the phantom menace x2


interrupts (23)

the point is conceded x3

on the payroll of the trade federation 

podracer collision x3

we must accelerate our plans x3

maul strikes x2

control x2

sense x3

alter x3

no civilty only politics

squablling delegates x2


weapons (1)

maul`s lightsaber





'

Strategy: '

type 11 version of my lord is it legal.

it has the ability to win the podrace- lott dod gets cards from force pile.

we must accelerate our plans gets podracer collision and blockade flagship bridge for activation.


you put maul down to landing site hopefully first turn and start setting up with characters like sing and the droids. if they play hyperdrive try to go down with maul and other charcters, play maul strikes and put a senator there and add a battle destiny with no civility only politics.


you can retrieve with the marketplace and obviously the podrace. you`ve got senses for the step backward or the allegations of corruption which ever comes out.


hopefully flip fist turn-you`ve got 2 squabbling delegates to make it easier and you get to retrieve 6 force when you`ve got senators there.


the 22 card swing and the drains from tatooine and the senate and the battles you get to win will prove too much for the opponent.


you`ve got quite a lot of high destiny cards in the deck, should make podrace easier.


thank you for reading '