---
layout: archive
author: ! Marc "Rahs" McRae
title: ! "Run Luke  Run He disgusts me"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-06
description: ! "Complete game control using Black sun strat in a BHBM deck type."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

BHBM

D2 Throne Room

Your Destiny

Insignificant Rebellion

Prepared Defenses

IAO

Mob. Points

Crush The Rebellion


Locations (6)

Carida

Executer DB

Executer Holotheatre

Coruscant DB

D2 DB

Spaceport DB


Starships (4)

IG-88 in IG-2000

Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Stinger


Characters (17)

Lord Vader x2

Emperor

M’iiyoom Onith x3

Mara Jade, Luke’s Nightmare

Guri

Boba Fett w/blaster x2

4-LOM w/blaster x2

Dengar w/blaster x2

Jodo Kast x2

Aurra Sing x2


Interupts (17)

Set For Stun

Alter

Sense/Uncertain is the Future

Sniper/Dark Strike x3

Rise My Friend

Oh, Switch Off

Weapon Levitation

Hidden Weapons x3

I have you now x2

Twi’lek Advisor x2


Effects (5)

Emporer’s Power x2

Lateral Damage

Reactor terminal

Bad Feeling Have I


Weapons (2)

Mara’s Saber

Darth’s Saber



'

Strategy: '

Cardlist edit.  

Set for Stuns should be Control/SFS 

Rise My Friend x2 

Twi’lek advisor x1


Mean.  


Thats what response I get when I play this deck against someone for the first time.  

First major myth I wanna unload is the imfamous Mob. Points killer.  Its not that great a card.  Its very easy to stop and most people don’t play it due to this fact.

Second thing I wanna clear up in your minds right away is the ”why use a card that causes you to lose force”  Well, most people that play against BHBM will intially try to just keep Luke at a battleground to stop the force loss from Your destiny.  Or they try to give you Luke.

The idea behind BHBM is to battle, so here is a deck that battle quite well.  All your favourite beatdown funboys and girls are here. 

With your first look at the deck list it looks quite mental.  But this deck came about through my quest of trying to find the perfect Black Sun deck, this deck list is actually quite similiar to the Black sun deck but with obvious changes.  


Probably my the biggest misconception by SWCCG players is that you need Vader leading your forces to victory.  NOT TRUE  Vader is used as nothing more then bait in this deck.  Boba Fett, Aurra Sing and Mara Jade are characters that win games when combined with the proper cards.


So here is how the deck works.

Two Words Force Denial.  The most important part of a SWCCG game is who can deploy how much the fastest and safely.  This deck give tons of generation.  All your locations other then the Holotheatre are pulled from reserve.  You get 9 icons and only give one.  Mob. Points adds whenever possible and the holotheatre give +1 one for each Vader and emporer when they are on table.


Starting effects are always the same.  They are those choices for great reasons.  Mob. Points and IAO are obvious teammates but Crush is pivotal to denying early game beatdowns with an Obi-Wan or Luke himself.  

Activate your force.  Look through for a DB. Not the spaceport DB unless that is somehow the only one there.  Grab Carida.  Check for Emporer and an Emporers power as well as an I have you now.  

Okay so deploy Emperor.  Now if opponent can deploy a spy and a beatdown character you have more then the means to fry his ass.  If this doesn’t make you feel safe enough add an Ephant Mon to decklist. He was in the original but was so rarely needed that I took him out. You should have a few characters in hand early.  Once you grab a M’iiyoom deploy her to emperors side and start having fun.  I perfer to wait until there a bit of a force of opponents characters on table before I use her.  Now every players reaction to this wonderful card is always the same.  They curse.  And then they will either grab their Goo nee tay (which you alter) from reserve or try to get rid of as many Males to the table or back in reserve as possible.  Regardless you are gonna hurt them.  Any characters that do make it out are yours to conquer.  Any combo of the characters you have out is fun.  Use your Set for Stuns to get rid of little pesks like Chewie and Jar Jar.  Or if in the air to get rid of pesky little Dash or other pilots.  Then use those wonderful hidden weapons to do what you will with any other annoyances.  If they get hit, darkstrike ’em.  Or capture them.  Use 4-LOM to cancel any hurtful game text like Gen. Solo’s cancel text, EEP characters text or if its JK luke his power bonus.  Whatever you choose I’m sure will be benificial to only you.  Use your weapons to target and if not used yet darkstrike ’em.  If the opponents has light saber to steal use Aurra.  They possibilities this deck offers are amazing.  You have nothing but fun.  And the multiple copies are very important esspcially if you capture somebody.  Imagine the stress on your opponent if you clear his side of the battlefield then from the attrition they dealt out you lose the escort and release the captive.  If the captive stays on table you have ’em destroyed.  The character you lost can be deployed later with other copy.  And if they decided to put in used pile and is Male then M’iiyoom will make sure he never see’s the light of day again.  

If the fight is the air you have ample toys to play with.  SFS takes care of pilots that you don’t like, Lateral Damage is a blessing and you have lots of destiny while zuckuss makes it hard for them to draw more then a zero.  Guri is mainly in this deck for air battles.  She give good power, adds destiny and deploys for free to her ship.  Plus good immunity to attrition.  Combined with Bossk you have 12 power and two destinies.  With Zuckuss and and IG-88 its just gets better.  If you do get surprised then Guri forfiets for 7.


Vader.  

This mans job is simple.  Cause a 5 force loss every turn.  Ussaully I put either Aurra or Mara with him for protection in the early game or if the m’iiyoom game isn’t working.  Originally M’iiyoom wasn’t in the deck and it was just beatdowns with bounty Hunters and the force loss with Vader being at the Spaceport DB.  

With Vader being at the DB you get +3 force generation and a force loss of 5. (1 from DB, +1 w/saber and 3 with Your destiny)  Now most people will just give you Luke to stop the hurt.  

Once this happens during your next turn before your control phase use Rise My Friend to put vader in your hand and luke in opponents hand.  Use M’iiyoom and he is lost.  Do this twice in a game and I promise you will get sworn at.  But its Funnnn.  If Luke come back out from reserve then beat him down.  Of not, deploy Vader and start the process all over agian.


Hopefully you see and understand all the ways this deck can screw you opponent over.  Its damn fun if you like hearing your opponent cry.


Vs RST

Their scout are zapped by Mrs. Onith.  There air is ussaully not near enough for the Bounty ships and Stinger and best of when endor is empty you have looks of great sites of theirs to drain at.


Vs Hidden Base.  

Can be tough for you air.  Don’t deploy unless you now its safe and you have your toys to help out.  Their ground forces will get eaten alive.  Snipers take care of pesky undercover spies.  


Vs EBO

Pretty close to same as HB.  Use your control for any big drains and use Boba Fetts and Jodo Kasts great landspeed to get inside the shield quickly.


Vs QMC

Crush the Rebellion their attrition and again M’iiyoom will dominate.


If their were anything I would do to change the deck I would try to add something that places lost cards out play.  If you know any good suggestions for this please let me know.


Rahs     '