---
author: Kevin "KevOfCrofton" Elia
title:  Don’t MESS With Step
side: Light
date: 2001-05-04
description: Example: This deck cycles through your entire reserve deck in two turns allowing you to set up massive battles, drains and regeneration before the opponent can react.

IF ONLY! REGULAR WYS, WITH HowDWGetITTMess
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(5):
Tatooine
Docking Bay 94
<> Spaceport Docking Bay
Kessel
Cantina

Characters(19):
Captain Han Solo
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Talon Kardde
Artoo & Threepio x2
R-3PO
Wedge Antilles
Mirax Terrik
Chewbacca, Protector
Palace Raider x5
Dash Rendar
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Melas
Artoo

Starships(3):
Outrider
Gold Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate

Vehicles(5):
Patrol Craft x5

Admiral&#8217;s Orders(3):
I&#8217;ll Take The Leader x3

Effects(13):
Revolution x4
Beggar x2
Tatooine Celebration
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Ounee Ta
Menace Fades
Frozen Assets x2

Interrupts(12):
How Did We Get Into This Mess x5
Were You Looking For Me?
Cantina Brawl
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes/Out Of Somewhere
Rebel Barrier
Fallen Portal
Artoo, I Have A Bad Feeling About This 

Strategy: 

The object of this deck is to take your time setting up, but then absolutely destroy the opponent with a stack of great destiny and big characters. Start with the regular Step stuff, Insurrection, Staging Areas, and Menace Fades. On your first turn, you should deploy any droid you have and any ship you draw to the <> DBay. After you have your Mess stuff set up, get Tatooine Celebration going and control Tatooine at any means necessary. Your choke ability with this deck is amazing, between limiting them to 1 force at all non-battlegrounds, revolutioning 2/1 locations, and Beggar and Frozen Assets. You generate huge force amounts with Staging Areas and the 7 side of your objective. I think this is better than the beatdown version, because it can be a bit difficult to set up without over-drawing. All the numbers are adjustable, and the effects are all based on local meta, so you may need to change a few of them. I know I dont use many interrupts, but I just dont see the point in needing so much red.

I chose the Gold Squadron 1 over the Millenium Falcon because of the Talon Roll invincibility.

R-3PO is just good math against ISB, and you can get him with Were You Looking For Me?.

IM me at yavinite on aim, because i like to talk about it. anyway, i need admirals orders. 658, and counting.  any CONSTRUCTIVE comments are appreciated.

