---
layout: archive
author: ! Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: ! "Dueling Post R2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-11
description: ! "After a few months of playing, this is how my Dueling Hunt Down has molded into"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)

Hunt Down

Epic Duel

Visage of Emperor

Executor Med Chamber

Executor Holotheater

Prepared Defenses

IAO

Mob Points

Crush the Rebellion


Locations (4) 

Rendili 

Executor Docking Bay 

Death Star DB

Cloud City DB


Characters (16)

Lord Vader x 2

Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2

Darth Vader

Grand Moff Tarkin x 2

Mara Jade x 2

Sim Aloo

Dengar with Blaster Carbine

Emperor Palpatine 

IG88 w/ gun 

4Lom w/gun

Prince Xixor

Guri


Vechicles (1)

Blizzard 2


Starships (4) 

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 

Bossk in Hounds Tooth 

Chimaera 

Dominator


Weapons (3) 

Vader’s Lightsaber x 2

Mara&#8217;s Stick 


Interrupts (15) 

Sniper/Dark Strife

Twi&#8217;lek Advisor 

Masterful Move x 2

This is some rescue x 2

I Have You Now x 2

The Circle Is Now Complete

Vader&#8217;s Obcession x 3

Focused Attack

Point Man

Evader & Monnok


Effects (8) 

Something Special Planned for Them Reactor Teminal

First Strike

Resistance

Visage of the Emperor x2

Search & Destroy 

No Escape

'

Strategy: '

This is what I have come up with so that I can still duel in today’s meta.  With WYS canceling my duels a lot, I have to pack three obsessions in hopes of getting one off.  If you can get one obsession off, you will do enough damage to them or take away Luke long enough to win the game.  If you cannot turn Luke, you can easily beat him down long enough to win the game without dueling.  If they are not playing WYS, if you get one of each duel off you can easily win the game without any problems.


I love Visage.  This deck will give you the ability to cancel those pesky Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated cards with This is Some Rescue.  Got to love it since it is also a six.  Your main objective is to get down Vader first turn to the Death Star Docking Bay, flip the objective and make the light side start suffering from having to look at that wrinkly old man.  First turn you also want to pull the Rendilli for the activation and for the battleground.  First light side turn they will probably pull Honor and if they do that, next turn spread to the Death Star Docking bay, cloud city docking bay and Rendilli to cover your sites, or try and find No Escape.  Go where they are and force drain them on their own turf.  Mara can get places others can’t which helps out a lot.  If they drop a spy to the chamber to cancel Visage they are sol.  Drop on them for lots of damage before they realize what hit them.  Or you can always docking bay transit over to them.  Most of the time it will be Boush, who cannot force drain you while flipped.  Otherwise it is probably Corran or Lando and if it is them, they screwed up since they are throwing away two great characters.


Why Sim and Not Janus?

Well it is simple.  I have the reactor terminal which is more than enough for me to track.  Sim adds a destiny with the Emperor which is pimp.  Also, if the LS Courages and Glances me, I am up a creek.  This way I can take off a tracked destiny ott to help out my game.  And with all the edges you can change the cards before they call it to force them to take a hit in the amount or retrieved force


Why no Ephant?

Well that requires him and Power of the Hutt to be effective.  I just don’t want to use the space to prevent something that won’t ruin my game.  If they do send Corran, Boush or whoever, beat the hell outta them.


Card that Are Suspect.

Prince Xixor- Just don’t keep him with Vader.  Is that hard to comprehend, no.  He kicks some serious @#$% when used correctly.

Dominator- Adds to my space power and I can retrieve it with Rendilli.  If they force drain you, drop it and retrieve it.

Dengar with Gun- Anti WYS.  He can shoot those Patrol Crafts running around everywhere.  Just do not lose him to attrition and they will all eat it.


Matchups

Watch you Step will be fun to play.  IF they harvest they will lose it to the effect.  If they celebrate, hopefully you can draw though and pull the right ships to take them out.  Go to them with Vader and Dengar and they will suffer some wrath.  Since he can shoot the crafts (and two of them at that) he will do some serious damage to the opponent.  I have you now will be huge since they will do a lot of dueling hate.

Space Swarm is rough.  I always want Dengar in Ship for this one but the others draw destiny alone (except Dominator but I can retrieve him) that really makes a world of difference.  If I was to drop anything for him it would probably be Dominator.  Stack up with your ships to not get beat down so bad.  Get search and destroy and that along with Visage will suck bad for them.

Mains decks should be fairly easy. You can duel and battle them well.  Both of the space fleets will be pretty light so Zuckuss will be so sweet.  Not much else to say but your destiny is huge and will take out some good characters to attrition alone.

'