---
layout: archive
author: ! Rich "ONE-ARM" Jeffery
title: ! "You Better Watch Your Step"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-25
description: ! "This is a ground based WYS deck that looks a bit like Mike Ravelings but it plays differently enough and has a couple of major changes."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Watch Your Step/TPCBALR
Tatooine
TDB94
TCantina
H4TMF
Aim High
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Characters
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Han With Blaster Pistol x2
Chewbacca With Blaster Rifle x2
Palace Raider x3
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x3
Melas x2
Talon Karrade x2
Mirax Terrik x2
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Wedge Antilles x2
Dash Rendar
Theron Nett

Effects
Ounee Ta
Order To Engage
WYTTPOU x2

Interrupts
The Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes/Out Of Some Where
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
Out of Comission/TT x2
Don’t Get @#$%y
Insertion Planning x2
Fallen Portal x2
Tunnel Vision
Life Debt
Rebel Barrier

Blue
Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Patrol Craft x4

Locations
EndorDB
EndorBackdoor
H1DB
Kessel '

Strategy: '

IMPORTANT Change Take out One of the Insertion Plannings and put in a second Bith Shuffle Combo card.




Okay I’ll start with the general premise. Set up drains at all the locations you can pull. At Kessel drop a ship a Captain and another smuggler. You should be able to flip first turn most times. Use the battle destinies to your advantage. Tracking isn’t nesessary for this deck but it’s nice to know what you’re drawing.

Most matchups end up the same just sit on what you have and drain. It’s pretty easy to win with this deck if you’re careful.

Card Choices
Chewie with gun He can hit people and make them Forfeit 0 with the destinies of this deck that mean that you can hit most people even without the +1

Mirax Like Janus Before her she is a tracking God. READ Viper’s Tracking articles if you haven’t read them already. They help a lot. (Note You Don’t need to if you are a pro who is already great at tracking)

Luke with saber Efficency and I don’t have an extra Jedi Luke.

Wedge Can you say Forfeit 12

Why the Combo Nar Shadda and normal? Well I like out of Somewhere because a lot of my smugglers have low power and I get extra destinies, but I still like the high destiny of the original Nar shadda so I compimised.

Insertion Planning High destiny and the Captains can use it.

Thanks for looking.
Rich ’ONE-ARM’ Jeffery '