---
author: James "eby" Eby
title: Hunt Down V1.0
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-02
description: Dueling Hunt Down. Please give as much constructive critisism as possible. PLS note this deck will undergo many changes with RF2.
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting

Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Visage of the Emperor
Executor:Holotheatre
Executor:Meditation Chamber
Perpared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

Effects

Secret Plans(starting against retrieval decks, ie: non-unique aliens, non-unique ships, on/off the edge, etc)
Imperial Decree(starting against EBO)
Battle Order(starting against Profit)
You Cannot Hide Forever(starting if you don’t know what you need)
No Escape
Search and Destroy
Presence of the Force
Security Precautions
Bad Feeling Have I
Disarmed
Visage Of The Emperor

Interrupts

The Circle Is Now Complete
Vaders Obsession
You Are Beaten
Masterful Move
Force Lightning
Sense
2*Alter
Twi’lek Adviser

Ships

Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Hunter
IG-88 in Ship
Chimaera
Dreadnaught

Vehicles

Blizzard 2

Weapons

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
2* Vares Lightsaber

Droids

4-LOM with gun
IG-88 with gun

Aliens

M’iiyoom Onith
Ephant Mon
Dr. E

Alien/Imperial

2* Mara Jade

Imperial

Sim Aloo
2* Janus Greejatus
2* Lord Vader
2* DVDLOTS
Darth Vader
2* Grand Moff Tarkin

Dark Jedi Master

Emperor Palpatine

Sites

Executer:DB
Coruscant:DB
Death Star1:DB
Cloud City:DB
Rendili 

Strategy: 

Specific Card selections

Battle Order: most profit decks don’t play any space, it’s worth it to pay to drain for a few turnstill you get a GOOD ship.
No Escape:retrieval(LOL), if opponent plays the  Spaceport:DBdeploying chars at -3 is HUGE
Presence of the Force:Lets make Vader a spy(inside joke)play it and drop in.
Disarmed:it is KING, hurts enhanced chars, Dr. E can opperate, and power loss
Masterful Move:recycling 6, if Visage is Cancelled go and get another
Dreadnaught & Chimaera:ships with good power
M’ilyoom Onith:kill chars out of hand, WHEEEE
2* Janus:no other way to cycling cards

Specific Matchups

HB: use Secret Plans in start, look for Security Precautions Search and Destroy and ships, probe(don’t spread) and drain.

EBO: use Imperial Decree to stop HUGE drains, try to conrol 2 Hoth sites without Vader(Ice Storm will make Vader lost)

Profit: use Battle Order to screw opponents drains, still put Zucuss and another ship on Rendili. Start Mara and Dr. E as your aliens. Use Bad Feeling Have I and M’iiyoom Onith to stop your opponent dead.

Mains and Toys or numbers:when in doubt play You Cannot Hide Forever

PLEASE REVIEW. thank you.
EBY
