---
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: Endor uprising
side: Light
date: 2001-05-20
description: activate and drain and killlll
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: 7 
Local uprising 
Endor 
Farm 
Ultimatum
Insurrection 
Strike planning 
Heading for the medical frigate 

People: 12 
Leia with blaster rifle 
Luke Jedi baby 
Corporal midge 
Obi wan with lightsaber 
Wuta 
Figrin dan
Chewbacca of kashyyk 
General solo 
General crix madine 
Owens/berue 
obi wan

Locations: 9 
Rebel landing site 
Back door 
tatonie db
Endor bunker 
Endor platform 
Forest 
Desert
Lars farm 

Vehicles/ships: 8 
Sandspeeders 3 
Snow speeders 3 
Lando in falcon 
Home one 

Weapons: 2 
Jedi lightsaber 
Anakin lightsaber 

Effects: 5 
Sandwirl 
Frozen assets x2
Disarmed 
Light saber proficiency 

Interrupts: 17 
Harvest 3 
Fallen portal x2
Rebel barrier x2 
Gkk x2 
Control/tunnel vision 
T-47 battle formation x3 
Alter/friendly fire 
Mechanical failure 
Jedi presence 
battle formation 



Strategy: 

I have been messing around with this deck for couple of months. With the tatonie it might it out but still help in till then. it might have a chance in the future.. its long so, thank you



It is a simple non operative deck. No flip, easy deployment and force generation and beats down. Strike planning gives them no force from your system. Insurrection to pull docking bays and limited Ellis. First turn activate 5 force; grab docking bay and a desert general crix. Deploy desert and docking bay. Draw about 2 and leave 3 for next turn. Second turn grab desert, general solo. Deploy crix, solo, and grab chewbaca, Wuta and deploy them to swap. Grab back door with wuta. That should leave you with no force but you should be fine. U got nice power and forfeit. Third turn drain for one. Deploy rebel landing site, midget, some sand speeders and move your guys around. To back door, swap (+3 to initiate battles) and forest (attrition value). Draw some. By now you are set to drain for 3 at back door, 2 at forest and 2 at swap for total of 7. Not bad for fourth turn drain. Keep Luke and obi one on hand. Frozen assets and Jedi presence for one time beat down. Its nice how much your guys could damage for. Use rebel barriers to kick some A S S and make them suffer for what they think. Now by fifth turn use T-48 battle formation to piss off opponent. Suddenly extra drain for 4 a turn plus 9 makes 13 at turn. (Ouch) Leave the desert with one speeder and one scout and deploy the sandwirl when get it. All your speeders can move there for reacts By the end of the game deploy farm and retrieve 8 (matters on there reacts and SSPFT) and Gk. the rest if possible. If not deploy the rest of scouts for some nice forfeit and use the last farming. It is nice to retrieve 12 at end. Space is there for one reason to bluff them. For stopping their force drains you got none so drain them before they do. Now for the match-ups 

ISB 
It’s a Tough match up with this deck. Wait for them to deploy nightfall. As soon as they deploy one dude alter the nightfall rebel barrier them fast. They will most likely deploy Mara first. No she is barred and they think oh sht better deploy more. And they do. If they deploy to docking bay use portal if to desert put a speeder and whirl. They will not able to battle u that turn do to their incapacity. Now deploy draw their fire, frozen assets and Luke with saber and lightsaber proficiency, obi, Leia and use Jedi presence on obi. Luke is 20 Leia is 6 and who ever are there. U will kill them and make them suffer badly. They will not try again. 
Railter opts/ operatives 
Wait for them to deploy some sites and deploy for beat downs and force drain them to death. They will get no force from u so don&#8217;t worry about that. That will hurt in long run. Its battle time and Gk. when possible. 
Big blue/sinear fleet 
Don’t go space unless u need to. Drain them in ground. Make them deploy everything they got to retrieve. Then use attacks them when they are weak. 
MKOS 
This deck sets up fast just like your drains. They can cancel 2 of your places but spread and use imperial barrier to spot them coming to you. Like big blue they can only deploy so much. They got no power so it is a beat down time. Be very very patience. U will out drain them and out retrieve them in long run. That will hurt them. 
No for endor opts: 
They will try to take endor shield (I think that’s the one lose one for deploying.) Easy match up. Get crixs, chewy and wuta to take out rebel site. And deploy. Barrier and one big beat down (frozen assets) make them go bye bye. Majority of the endor opts have equal amount of power for space and ground. So beat them down and drain. They don’t have retrievals so just nice easy beat downs. 

Well I hope u give me a good review. It’s a decent deck and a nice setup. Dont be an @#$% with one or two star bull S h i t. Also give some nice idea about how it can be improved and make a killer deck. There is something I missed probably so tell me and give a nice review. Local tournament plays 9-0. Nothing majors about it. Their mind be one extra card or one less card because I don’t want to put the whole deck up here. 
Thank you  