---
author: Brian "Brian114" Zinn
title: DD 2.0 AKA: Your Deck is Bantha Poodoo
side: Dark
date: 2001-07-24
description: This is the new updated version of my DD deck.  This isn’t slow deal yet it gets out DD on the second turn. KaBLAAM!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

objective 

TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF

characters - 19

Tarkin
Darth Vader
Darth Vader w/ lightsaber
Lord Vader
Aurra Sing
Miiyoom onith
Darth Maul x2
Snoova
Dr. E and Ponda B
Jodo
Guri
Xizor
Mosep
Thrawn
Jade
Dengar w/ blaster
4-lom with blaster
ozzel 

Ships - 8

ZinMH
BinBus
Fett in slave 1
Chimaera
Avenger
Os-72-1 in obsidian 1
os-72-2 in obsidian 2
Obisidian 7

interrupts - 14

prep. Defenses ( st )
control x2
Weapon levitation
I have you now x2
Elis Helrot x2
You are Beaten
Twilek Advisor x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?  ( Mecca )
There’ll be hell to pay
Sniper/Dark Strike

Effects - 9

Secret Plans ( star with objective )
I’m Sorry ( starting )
Crush the Rebellion ( starting )
Mob. Points ( starting )
Fanfare 
CC Occupation
Dark Deal
Search + Destroy
Lateral Damage

Locations - 6

Bespin
Bespin CC
Carida ( pull before you activate using Mob. Points )
CC: Upper Walkway ( start w/ objective )
CC: West Gallery ( pull before you activate using I’m Sorry )
CC: Upper Plaza ( pull before you activate using I’m Sorry )

Weapons - 3

Vader’s Saber
Maul’s Saber
Mara’s Saber 

Strategy: 

Rushe: Have you ever played this deck before?  You claim I can’t get dark deal out on the second turn.  I am very very experienced with this deck as I have been playing it for many months. I suggest actually playing this deck before saying what it can and can’t do. And you also said Testing and menace fades will ruin this deck.  That’s a joke right?  My brother plays ( and posted ) one of the best MWYHL decks out their and I think I lost to it either once or twice in the last 2-3 months.  Why do I waste my time posting to people that have no idea what their talking about.

OOOOOPPPS:  In the desciption I meant to say this isnt speed deal but it still gets Dark Deal out on the second turn.  My bad. 


This is an updated version of my TDIGWATT deck which I posted a little while back. I played this updated version of the deck at a local tourny a few days ago where their were some really good players and I managed to go undefeated with my dark side.  My LS won 1 and lost 1.  Anyways here’s what you gotta do, before you activate pull carida with mob. points, CC: West Gallery and CC: Upper Plaza with I’m Sorry. the order of the sites should be Upper Walkway, West Gallery, Upper Plaza. activate. Deploy sites. You are almost guaranteed to have atleast 3 characters in your opening hand. Use you objective to pull Bespin CC. If it’s not there pull Dark Deal. Draw up until you get a starfighter unless you already 
have one. Save up.  Next turn use you objective to grab DD ( or Bespin CC depending on what you 
grabbed your first turn. ) Deploy your starfighter to Bespin CC and 1 character to each CC battleground, deploy Dark Deal.  you can then  move all the characters to Upper Plaza rather 
than moving them all to CC: WG (middle site) because of its awesome ds text ( move for free in either direction ). I always reccomend moving your characters to the Upper Plaza because that is the only CC site where your opponent can force drain for 2. Also, remember in this deck you can never and I repeat never be beat down or be a victim of the infamous 1 turn kill while your on CC.  Just look at some of the cards to help defend like Crush the Rebellion.  If you have Jodo Kast at one site, Guri at a site, and Vader + Tarkin at another, your opponent will get no more than one battle destiny at the CC sites.  In this deck I also added several new cards. These cards include:

Elis Helrot: Elis has been an awesome addition to this deck.  If you opponent decides to go to
one of your vacant CC sites to force drain you can use elis to deliver your opponent a major
beat down. And yes 2 are absolutely necessary.

There’ll be hell to pay: Everybody should have atleast 1 grappler in every deck.  You can also pull it from your reserve deck using fanfare. 

Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?:  I only use this card for fun as it is a big suprise to those who play Nabrun which is a popular card around here.

Mob. Points:  You’ll notice that I took out the Executor yet I still have Mob. Points in my deck. I use Mob. Points to pull Carida for extra force icons.  The Executor was a waste of space in this deck due to its hefty deploy cost.  Remember, I went undefeated with this deck at the 
tourny so I don’t want to hear stupid complaints about Carida or the Executor like last time.

Twi’lek Advisors:  Destiny 5 for one thing.  Also I use them to pull Fanfare and S+D quickly

Fanfare:  I don’t know if I had this in my other deck but Order to Engage and Scramble are becoming ridiculously popular and could definently hurt this deck.

Cards to think about putting in:

It’s Worse/ Ommni Box:  It Could Be Worse is getting very popular around here.  Plus, if it turns out that they don’t play ICBW you can just use the ommni box part of it to recycle a 5.

Another Sniper/Dark Strike: I hate spies ( besides mara of course ).

If you have any comments or even suggestions feel free to email me at Punisher@optonline.net

Peace,

Brian Zinn






