---
layout: archive
author: ! Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs
title: ! "Freezer Burn"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-09
description: ! "A Carbon Chamber Testing deck using Hancicle and other R2 cards."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Security Tower
Carbonite Chamber Console
Frozen Han

Locations
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Characters
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Boelo
Bossk With Mortar Gun
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan  x2
Ephant Mon
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Kitik Keed’kak
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Niado Duegad
Wuher
Mighty Jabba
Guri x2
Xizor x2
Snoova

Creatures
Bubo

Starships
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
IG-88 In IG-2000
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts
Any Methods Necessary
Control  x2
Elis Helrot  x2
Jabba’s Through With You  x2
None Shall Pass  x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?  x2
Prepared Defenses
Twi’lek Advisor  x4

Effects
First Strike
Mobilization Points
Scum And Villainy
Search And Destroy
There Is No Try
Power of the Hutt
Secret Plans

Weapons
Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-off Blaster
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vibro-Ax


'

Strategy: '

The starting stuff depends on what your opponent is playing.  Should you be lucky enough to face Profit, you get the autoflip.  Use Prepared Defenses to start There is No Try, Secret Plans, and Power of the Hutt.  Start the game with Mighty Jabba and anyone else in the AC.	I’d recommend either Fett, Xizor, or Mara since you can use PotH to pull Jabba’s cronies.  Fett and Xizor both get you an extra destiny, but Fett gets a shot and is a little harder to hit.	Xizor requires LS to have 7+ ability for a destiny, but chances are they’ll have that much if they expect to free Han anyway.  Use Mara if Massa Luke really scares you.  They only bad thing about facing Profit is that you won’t be able to pull your sites.

Versus anything else, use Any Methods Necessary to start with Iggy or 4Lom.  The reason for this is so you can pick up the first few turns while escorting Han, without getting the crap beat out of you.  You start with a minimum of 4 force, and if your opponent gives you at least one force, take Iggy over 4Lom.  Iggy is much more beatdown-resistant should they put out Artoo&Threepio early.

Use your Obj’s gametext the first few turns to get out the DB’s and then the AC, all the while marching your droid and Hancicle to the AC.  You should be pretty safe; there are only 3 ways I can think of to stop the droid before he drops off Han.
1)Artoo&Threepio come down and suddenly you can be battled
2)An EPP deploys at a site infront of you and waits for you to come to them so they can SATM the droid
3)Artoo with an Arc Welder waits for you at the next site.
Unless this deck becomes the most dominate one, I don’t think we’ll see much of #3.  The other two will be pretty rare too, since all this will have to happen in the first 4 turns.

With 4 Twi’leks, you should get one early.  Grab Mob Points and PotH first.  They’ll help you most early on.	Once you flip, put Jabba and one of his buddies down to protect Han.  The obj will let you grab S&V.  You guys should know the drill from there on.  If the opponent should deploy, kill them and retrieve.  Don’t forget to retrieve one using the obj once per turn too.

Wuher and Bubo are there to keep the pesky "Gifted" droids away.

If you face a space deck, get S&D out ASAP.  If you need to go to space to probe or combat EBO, make sure you don’t put the hunters on the ground.  I recommend not going into space if you can help it.  You’ll be getting back one per turn plus more if you can battle often, so decide if it’s worth it to go into space.

Bubo and Elephant Man will keep the spies away.

Oota Goota is for the Kessel Runs we’ll be seeing a lot of very soon.

Enjoy '