---
layout: archive
author: ! Darth Vader "The Dark" Lord of The Sith
title: ! "Hidden Base v 2 - No Y-wings  Semi X-Wing Swarm"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-09
description: ! "A hidden Base deck, with less Y-Wings then my last hidden Base Post"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)

Hidden Base / Systems Will Slip Trough Your Fingers

Rendezvous Point

Heading for the Medical Frigate

Staging Areas

Squadron Assignments

HB Indicator (usually Kessel or Hoth)


Characters (13)

General Calrissan

Colonel Salm

Kin Kian

Luke Skywalker

Dash Rendar

Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Biggs Darklighter

Derek ’Hobbie’ Kivilian

Ric Olie

Tychu Celchu

Keir Santage

Lieutenant Naytaan

Elyhek Rue

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber



Admiral’s Orders (1)

I’ll take the Leader


Starships (12)

Red 2

Red 3

Artoo-Detoo in Red 5

Red 7

Red 9

Red Squadron 4

Red Squadron 7

Gold Squadron 1

Queen’s Personal Starship

Outrider

Gray Squadron 1

Green Squadron 3


Effects (3)

Haven

Lengendary Starfighter

S-Foils


Interrupts (8)

Collision

Precise Hit

The Signal

Full Throttle

Out of Nowhere

Old Times


Weapons (2)


X-wing Laser Cannon x2

Luke’s Lightsaber


Locations (15) - this counts the HB Indicator

Endor

Aquaris

Dantooin

Mon Calamari

Tatooine

Taooine Docking Bay 94

Kashyyyk

Dagobah

Hoth

Hoth Echo Docking Bay

Bespin

Cloud City Docking Bay 327

Yavin 4 x2

Yavin 4 Docking Bay

Kessel x2 '

Strategy: '

****UPDATE in the Starting - Hoth changes to Yavin 4.****



Swarm X-Wings at Rendezous Point, pull out Bespin, move X-wings there, then pull Hoth, Haven on Hoth, Hidden Base eithier Kessel or Yavin 4. You don?t need to flip always. Drain. Use S-Foils for bonus usage. Collison takes away a pesky ship. Old Times with Luke and Biggs. Threw in Ric and Queen?s Ship. Dash and the Outrider in there for the power. X-Wing lasers on R2-D2 in Red 5 and Red 2. Pull out the matching pilots with the ships with Squadron Assignments. Flip whenever you want. If Luke is to go down with Obi With Saber, which usually you?ll drain for more than he will, then keep Luke in Red 5, which is actually better than putting him down. Tychu out for the fun and since his 3 to power instead of 2. Use Wedge?s game text. Keep Luke and Red 5 at Hoth with Dash and Lando. Put out your fleet anywhere of the places, use I?ll Tkae The Leader To Save Ships To Docking Bays at eitheir Tatooine, Hoth, Bespin, or Yavin 4. Drain for 3 at Kessel, use this until he changes it if he has a space deck. Thank You. Darth Vader, The Dark Lord Of The Sith.  '