---
author: Ben "Jigglypimp" Cavin
title: More money than a monkey with a chainsaw!
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-07
description: Very fast SURPRISE deck. Looks like a regular BHBM on the surface, but when you look between the lines...
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:(8)
BHBM/TYFP
DSII: Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
TINT/Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobil. Points
Prepared Defenses

Locations:(5)
CC:DB
DSII:DB
Spaceport:DB
Endor:DB
Carida

The Party Favor:(1)
Vader’s Toy

Blue Stuff:(7)
Dengar in POS
Fett in S1
Stinger
Bossk in HT
Chimera
IG in IG
Zuckuss in MH

Effects:(7)
Presence of the Force
First Strike
Grabber
Lateral Damage
Battle Order
Emperor’s Power
Sec. Precautions

Interrupts:(14)
Trooper Assault X4
Tactical Support X3
Full Scale Alert X2
Twilek Advisor
Counterattack
Local Trouble
Operational As Planned
Dark Jedi Presence

Characters:(18)
Navy Trooper Vesden
Sergeant Torent
Sergeant Barich
Lord Vader X2
Emperor Palpatine X2
Corporal Drelosyn
Janus
Sergeant Major Enfield
Navy Trooper Fenson
Sergeant Wallen
Stormtrooper Cadet X2
Choke Vader X2
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Irol


Strategy: 

Card Explanations:
-Starting: Makes it look like a regular BHBM deck, but its not.
-Choice of DBs: Endor because it is foil and expensive for LS, Spaceport so you can go to them if you need to, CC because no projection works there, DSII because it is needed.
-Space: IG is cool, he just sits there ’til you are ready to fight, Stinger cause its good destiny, and all others because they are needed against space decks.
-Presence of the Force: Have you seen those decks that leave Crix Madine at HO:DB? Presence and a beatdown follows.
-Sec. Precautions: Good destiny and needed vs. hidden base.
-Tactical Support: Lose a force to grab three troopers. I’ll go get some partners and fight ya with ’em.
-Full Scale Alert: This is TECH! Use two force, draw destiny under # of stormtroopers, and all movement for opponent is stopped (except for smugglers). When they move, each one is an action, so stop him at the last guy, play it and beat him up next turn.
-Counterattack: Fight them again to get them on attrition. You get an extra battle destiny, and you retrieve with first strike.
-Local Trouble: WYS is popular here, so this is Tech. My Two stormtroopers battle your freighter captain or palace raider in the cantina. Lets see, I get 1(ability), 2(pair ups), 3(Local trouble adds one), 4(Emp’s power) destinies, to your none? and a trooper assault? Sux for you.
-Operational as planned: Stack some destiny with janus and recirculating five.
-Dark Jedi presence: Lets see, these troopers are all power three or four because of an assault, now they are power six or eight, adding a bunch of destiny??? Thats just wrong.
-Vesden: #s protection, and a trooper too.
-Fenson: retrieval protection, and a trooper too.
-Torent and enfield: Add a destiny together, and add one to total destiny, and troopers too.
-Barich, Elsek, Drelosyn, and Irol: Irol and Drelosyn add together, and dont forget that Irol deploys as a react to endor for 1 (that won me a lot of battles), Elsek takes all attrition and battle damage with his buddies, and Barich subtracts attrition and power destiny, and they’re all troopers too.
-Wallen: Deploys free to a battle at a battleground, and a trooper too.
-Stormtrooper Cadets are just cool.
-Janus: Lets you find cards and set up destinies. Why no Sim??? He’s not needed and space is tight here.

There is your explanations, just remember to grab a card for each battle (cause you’re gonna win em all) and have fun. Email me at LeMacro28@cs.com if you have any questions about playing against specific decks or anything else.  