---
layout: archive
author: ! Andrew "loser#5" Hill
title: ! "Set my coarse for what now"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-26
description: ! "big power, big drain, big space big ground"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

SYCFA/TUPITU

Death Star

Alderaan

DS Docking bay

Prepared defenses

Secret Plans

Mobilization Points

A Million Voicews Crying out


Characters (15)

EPP Vader x2

Darth Maul

Mara Jade

Aura Sing

Grand Moff Tarkin x2

EPP Fett

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Admiral Chiranue

Guri

Jabba The Hutt

Boelo

DS Gunner x2


Blue Stuff (9)

Executor

Devbestator

Vengeance

Avenger

Chimaera

Thunderflare

Stalker

Conquest

Accusor

Visage

Judicator


Green (3)

Maul’s Stick

Mara’s Stick

Superlaser


Interrupts (13)

sense x4

Alter x4

control x2

Join Me

Sniper & Dark Strike

The Circle is now complete


Effects (1)

Presence of the force


Locations (8)

Endor

Sullust

Kashyyk

DS War room

Confernce room

Central core

Detention block

control room 327


Epic 

Events (1)

Commence primary Ignition '

Strategy: '

General Strategy - First turn pull a gunner send im to your used pile, get a superlaser, then pull Commence primary ignition with AMVCO. Move DS to parsec 1 pick up and hopefully get a DS site. turn 2 deploy the site and pull a gunner move D to parsec 2. Turn 3 try to blow up alderaan of you are confident in drawing a 5. Most likely not. Pull another gunner and next turn draw a 3 to blow it up. Bu now you have alot of force to start pulling systems and deploying destroyers get set up for big drains at 1 or 2 systems and start invading the ground. with vader, tarkin, maul, and friends.  if they attack you in space you probably won’t lose by more than 9 so you won’t have to lose much life force. Pull Executor with Mobolization Points and put thrawn on it. Thrawn on executor wins battles I have necer seen anythuing take it on.


Matchups


WYS - Most WYS’ Need mantain their space...hehehehe you will beat them in space. This could be hard if they are totally have everything put towards space than you might lose ome battles but then you will have no trouble on ground to drain them on cantina.


Hidden Mains - 	they will probably beat you on the ground but it should be on your side in space go in space and drain them. Try to win the battles and probe.


QMC - You would have to try to not take it over. I have yet to see a QMC that is actually good.


RST - They won’t keep endor from you, any deck that needs to hold on to 1 system will lose to this deck.



'