---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: Tunnel Vision Mains v.2.0
side: Light
date: 2001-02-12
description: Having problems getting the cards you need, just use Tunnel Vision and all your problmes are solved.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(7) 

Hidden Base / Oh @#$% 
Rendezous Point 
(Indicator) Kiffex 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
Insurrection 
Staging Areas 
Squadron Assignments 

Locations(7) 
Dagobah 
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace 
Tatooine 
Spaceport Docking Bay 
Home One: Docking Bay 

Characters(18) 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2 
Luke with Lightsaber 
Ben Kenobi x2 
Obi-wan with Lightsaber 
Captain Han Solo x2 
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2 
Chewbacca, Protector 
Lando with Vibro-ax x2 
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader 
Tycho Celchu 
Dash Rendar 
Corran Horn 
Orrimarko 

Starships(5) 
Millenium Falcon x2 
Red Squadron 1 
Outrider 
Green 3 

Interrupts(14) 
Control & Tunnel Vision x4 
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x2 
Punch It! 
Fallen Portal x2 
Run, Luke Run 
Houjix & Out of Nowhere 
Courage of a Skywalker 
Weapon Levitation x2 

Effects(5) 
Order to Engage 
Bacta Tank 
Tatooine Celebration 
Menace Fades 
There is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 

Admirals Order’s(2) 
I’ll Take the Leader x2 

Weapons(2) 
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Obi-wan’s Lightsaber   

Strategy: 

Edit:@@@@@: Switch out one Weapon Lev. for a Houjix combo. 

Edit 2:@@@@@@: Switch out Tycho and Green 3 for Home One and a Rebel Barrier. Adds more space power and protection.

Cards: 

Outrider & Dash: Great for winning battles in space and controlling Tatooine. If needed Dash can help out on the ground. It reduces opponets power and can get around the galaxy easy with a hyperspeed of 5. 

Wedge, Red 1, Tycho, and Green 3: Canel opponets destiny and great to win battles in space of jsut sontrol a system. A drain of one at Tatooine for 10 truns can make alot if diffrence. 

Houjix & Out of Nowhere: Get yourself out of a jam, or add a destiny in space, great cards that can win you game if played at the right time. 

Control & Tunnel Vision: This card can pull you just about any card you need + cancel a nesty force drain of five. This had definetly won me many games so don’t try to say it sucks. 

Matchups: 

Court: You rule Tat: in this game, if you cant deploy to get into Jabba’s Palace, then move in at Jabba’s Palace use Fallen Portal. Use tunnel vision to get the beatdown cards. Use Weapon Lev. to steal Mara’s saber and Kill jabba. Be careful though don’t let them battle you, and try hard to cancel Scum and Villiany. If you cant get into the palace, just drain at your sites and retrieve. Wait with your tricks and when they try to attack you slit their throat and win. IF they try to kill you in space be careful, cancel their destiny’s and overpower them. They will be giving you tons of activation, so don’t worry about not having enough to deploy your mains. Very common in my area an I haven’t had much probelms with it. 

BHBM: Really tough unless you play it right. Use luke on early suicde runs before you hand him over. Drain for as much as possible and Retrieve. When a opportunity open up beat him down. If you hit him hard enough one battle can end the game. IF they are more focused around space strike in their weakest location and wipe them out. Use your spies to get to their DB’s with a fallen portal and a tracked destiny and say bye bye vader and Tarkin combo. Vader is tough, but he cant take on Luke, Obi, Leia, and Lando. You could always Lev, his saber. Careful you don’t overdeploy. You should be retrieving about 2-3 per turn. If the game is 10-15 turns long you could be retrieving up to 45 force per game. With all that retrival opponnent dosn’t have much chance, but still be careful BHBM can be very tricky. 

Hunt Down: Drain and Retrieve fast and you can always hide from duels at the Home One: Docking Bay. If you do get stuck you can always use Run, luke Run or Courage. You can use your spies to beat dwon the opponet at their own docking bays. If they come to space use your destiny adders and destroy them there. Very tough if they manage to duel you. Use your tunnel Visions to set up twice as fast an cantrols if really needed. 

Ties: Drain on the ground quick an hold your system and retrieve. If a weak spot opens up use your ships, Added Destiny’s, and opponets reduced power because of I’ll take the leader. Your retrival should win you this game. Much depends on luck of the draw and Oppponets Skill. If they have big drains you caould uuse your controls to cancel them, then retrieve them agian and use the tunnel vision part. I haven’t palyed many of them because only one person in my area play them. Tough, but can be done. 

Your retrieval and drains combined should be to mush for your opponet, but with the added beatdown power this deck is really tough to beat. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing 

This deck has gone 11-1 so far in local tournament play. 

