---
layout: archive
author: ! Fernando "Garion" Medalón
title: ! "Get dark side frozen"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-03
description: ! "EBO is a great deck, dump dark side with it."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (4)
Hoth generators
Hoth North Ridge
The signal
ANSB

LOCATIONS (6)
Hoth war room
Hoth corridor
Hoth bay
Hoth
Kashyyk
Yavin 4

CHARACTERS (18)
Obi with saber x2
Luke with saber x3
leia with gun x2
Han with gun
Chewi with gun
Gen Calrissian
Gen Madine
Gen Rieekan
Lt. Blount
Col. Cracken
Figrin Dan
Orrimaarko
Nien Numb
Wedge RSL

STRASHIPS (8)
Home One
Artoo in Ship
Red squad 1
Gold squad 1
Tala 1 and 2
RLIR1
GLIG1

EFFECTS (9)
Haven
Strike planning
Squad Assignments
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
DTF
Close Air Support
Legendary starfighter
EBO

INTERRUPTS (15)
Tunnel Vision
Rebel barrier x2
Hyper Escape
Transmission Terminated
The signal x2
A few maneuvers
Dont get @#$%y
The force is strong
Out of commission
Effective repairs
On the edge x2
Courage of a skywalker
'

Strategy: '

Great power, big drains, ressources, this deck has nearly everything, not only against land decks, but also against air imperials.

I have saw a lot of EBO decks not starting with ANSB on table; this is a great mistake, imagine your oponent throws you a lost monnok and you have no ANSB but 2 or 3 the signal in hand, you become @#$%ed, and is nearly impossible for you to win the match. Starting without ANSB and hope you will pull it out with a lot of the signal is not a good idea.

This deck starts draining quite soon, and in 3 or 4 turns become really a monster, with your ships becoming enormous and you battling in ground like a champ with all your eps characters.
If you can destroy an opponent starfighter soon with Legendary in hand, Imperials will have no oppotunity to win.
Use Haven to drop your starships for very little force and great power. one you get Squad Assig, its all done. Take your Close Air Support and dont be affraid to battle your op. wherever he goes to and destroy him.

Dont be afraid of loosing some force, Figrin is there to take them back to our deck (good boy), and you have the On The Edge to big retivals.

Use The Force Is Strong to beat down Vader and the Courage to protect Luke or Ben against the duels (and you have big destinies in your deck). Dont get @#$%y is there becaurse of the 2 dest adder an because you can destroy that Tie which is going to throw the Tallon Roll (great card).
Beware against masive imperial deploy (you have 2 rebel barriers) and dont spread too thin unless dark side start deploying soon.

With ANSB force generation is not a problem, as you activate 6 force points in your second turn in case dark side gives you noting.

Only very good dark deck have a chance against this deck, so try it and win. GOOD LUCK.

Please, if you have any suggestion, d-mail me, and give me a lot of stars. '