---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Crix Maidine" Ross
title: ! "ISB my tatooine beat down aint nothin you can do to stop it"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-27
description: ! "So come and get it"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 

ISB operations/ Empire&#8217;s Sinister Agents

Coruscant Imperial Square

Prepared Defenses

Mobilization Points

Imperial Arrest Order

There is no try & Oppressive Enforcement


Characters 

Emperor Palpatine

Admiral Ozzel

Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith

Officer Evax

Chall Bekan

Outer Rim Scout x 9


Sites 

Tatooine Krayt Dragon Pass

Tatooine Jundland Wastes

Tatooine Tusken Canyon

Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Tatooine Lars&#8217; Moisture Farm

Tatooine Desert x 2


Combat Vehicles 

Blizzard Walker x 2

Tempest 1

Tempest Scout 1

Tempest Scout 2

Tempest Scout 3

Dune Walker

Blizzard 1

Blizzard 2


Effects 

Resistance

Sandwhirl x 4

Security Precautions

Den of Thieves

There’ll be hell to pay

Well Guarded

Reactor Terminal


Interrupts 

Twi&#8217;lek Advisor x 2

Trample x 4

Abyssin Ornament x 3

Ghhhk


Starship 

Chimaera

Zuckuss in mist hunter

Dengar in Punishing One

Boba Fett in Slave 1 '

Strategy: '

Ok here is how it&#8217;s played. First turn it all depends on the quality of your hand. But if you don&#8217;t have the docking bay in you hand pull it from your reserve deck. Use twi&#8217;lek advisor to get sandwhirls. The first effect you want however is bargaining table. Get sites asap and use reactor terminal if you get it to through stuff back. Get deserts going and wait for mains (if any come) to get your characters if now one comes after your at-at hold onto the sandwhirls and use your at-st so hold large force drain sites. Remember that the at-st&#8217;s can react to battles. Use chimaera with a few ors and officer evax most people don&#8217;t like to come after that much potential. Spread out and force drain use tempest scout 6 as a surprise tactic. Tramples are nice; keep them in ur hand tell ur oppenent actually decides he wants to knock down some of ur force drains then you can cut his power down pretty quick. If he doesn&#8217;t seem to be doing anything just spread out and force drain remember after u flip the objective to retrieve an isb every turn. Abyssin ornament only when u are hit for a large force drain or you have lost a bit of force and no more isb in lost pile. Chall bekan is nice cause he is an isb and he call pull an ors out of reserve deck when deployed and all ur other ors are deploy minus one to the same site. Only use dvdlots and emperor palpy with care and caution only play them if you need to. Use tentacle to grab the more popular annoying interrupts that people are playing today. Use the bounty hunter ships as last effort only chimaera with five ors and office evax is pretty hard to match.


Against specific decks;


Hidden Base Ok I have played this deck tons of times even where they got lt. Blount to coruscant well let me tell you I still wooped the person. Security precautions hurts and so does chimeara with five ors and office evax. If they don&#8217;t have the coruscant system down then to cancel isb they have to deploy lt blount to the imperial square drop down an at-st and trample him away. Guess his hidden base right and he is done for loosing around 9 force that people usually end up loosing against me. If they are playing all wings report in grab that asap. USe bounty hunter ships as a last ditch effort as stated before.


There is good in him I can save him Don&#8217;t deploy vader, palpy, or officer evax and use ur sandwhirls to save you from them overpowering you in battles. Hold  out  and force drain they don&#8217;t seem to last very long. 


Watch your step well there we go its a hard battle but a fun and interesting one. Control the catina asap usually with a dvdlots and palpy combo. And use your ships to control tatooine system. THis means you have to set up you force drains late but hopefully at that point you oppenent has expended most of his characters and starhips. 


These are the more popular ones but you get the idea have fun.



Crix



'