---
author: Artemis "." Entreri
title: My WYS Deck
side: Light
date: 2001-06-20
description: I am one of the hundreds of people who are posting thier version of WYS, so enjoy!
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective-1
Watch Your Step

Characters-18
EPP Luke-2
EPP Han
ECC Chewie
ECC Lando
Capt. Han
Farm Boy Luke
Melas
Frieghter Capt.-2
Wedge(ANH of course)
Dash Rendar-2
Leebo-2
Mirax-1
Talon Karrade-2

Locations-5
Tatooine (Start)
Tat. Cantina
Tat. Docking Bay 94
Kessel
Coreila

Ships-7
Falcon-2
Red 2
R2D2/Red 5
Pulsar Skate
Outrider-2

Weapons-1
X Wing Cannons

Effects-10
Projection of a Skywalker-2
Kessel Run-3
Aim High
Legendary Starfighter
Squadren Assignments (SE)
Menace Fades
Don’t Do That Again (SE)

Interrupts-18
Heading for the Medical Frigate (SI)
OOC/TT-3
A Few Manuevers-3
Fallen Portal-2
Hyper Escape
Out of Nowhere
Jedi’s Resilience
Jedi’s Focus
Eventualy You’ll Lose-2
Power Pivot
Changing the Odds
Run Luke Run






Strategy: 

Well the decklist is pretty self explanatory, but here goes my strategy.

Start
WYS
Tat
Cantina
Docking Bay
HFMF
Squadren Assignments
Don’t Do That Again
(Your choice, either Menace or Aim High)

Okie, pretty much grab two battlegrounds, flip retrieve and drain. 

Combos
Eventually You’ll Lose+Few Manuevers+Fallen Portal, Put the Few Manuevers back on your deck and FP about anyone you want.

Changing the Odds and OOC just get annoying
OON and Power Pivot help in battles and Hyper Escape can bail you out if needed.

Against,
Hunt Down: Try to terminate Visage, Drop Luke in the cantina and do your best to avoid duels, and Kessel Run and drain like hell

BHBM: Give them Luke, your destinies are high enough to win everytime, and either avoid battles or win them, again retrieve and drain

Ral Ops: Projection and fly around and mock them retrieving and draining all the while 

Court/Scum: Projection them and make them come to you, where you proceed to battle them into nothingness

TDIGWAT: Menace Fades and take Cloud City ASAP

Thats about it let me know what you think

Ciao!
-Entreri


