---
author: Michael "Bobafett465" Robinson
title: Fettman’s Huntdown Re-re-released!
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-13
description: Another modification of the classic family favorite! Bring the kids! Bring the dog! Just don’t bring the Jawas..
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objectives (1)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/ 
Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Starting  (8)
Prepared Defenses x1 
Executor: Holotheatre x1 
Visage of the Emperor x1 
Executor : Meditation Chamber x1 
Secret Plans x1 
IAO x1 
Epic Duel x1 
Mobilization Points x1 

Locations (4)
Rendili x1 
Tatooine DB x1 
Cloud City DB x1 
Endor DB x1 

Characters (15)
Grand Moff Tarkin x1 
DV, DLOTS x2 
Lord Vader x1 
EPP Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor&#8217;s Hand x2
4-LOM w/ gun  x1 
Boba Fett w/ Blaster x1 
Dengar w/ Blaster x1 
Dr .Evazan and Ponda Baba x1 
Iggy w/ Gun x1
Admiral Ozzel x1
Sim Aloo x1    

Effects (5)
Reactor Terminal  x1  
Visage of the Emperor x1
No Escape x1  
DS Grabber x1  
Lateral Damage x1 

Interrupts (18)
Masterful Move x2 
Force Field x1
The Circle Is Now Complete x1
Vaders Obsession x1
Ommni Box/Its Worse x2
Trample x1 
Dark Manuevers x1 
You Are Beaten x2 
Sniper x1 
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down x1
Projective Telepathy  x2
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor x2 
Limited Resources x1 

Starships (4)
Zuckuss in Ship x1 
Dengar in Ship x1 
Chimaera x1 
Fett in Ship x1 

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1 x1 
Blizzard 2 x1 


Weapons (3)
Vaders Lightsaber x2 
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber x1 



Strategy: 

		Alright, this deck has gone 11-5 in tournament play, and in my opinion is about 100 x better than my old one. 
		I start with IAO, Plans , and Mobilization Points. IAO to pull the DB&#8217;s , Plans  for On The Edge protection, and Mob Points for extra generation. Getting Vader and a saber out early shouldn&#8217;t be too hard, so get Vader and Mara a-draining early to keep them on their toes. Pretty much just drain and flip, and kick some @$$.. Dueling is a main part of this deck. I have put several decks &#8220; Out Of Commission&#8221; with dueling, and the destiny for dueling cards just rules. . Force Field is for those damn EPP sabers we all hate so much. Remember &#8211; Flip , Drain , Trample , Repeat. 

	Card Explanations and Combos:

Secret Plans- This cards never coming out. Once stopped a MWYHL retrieval with On
the Edge of 16. Good, good, good.

Dengar + Dr. E and Baba = Two shots, operation. 

Vader + Tarkin = Come on. 

Lord Vader = Didn&#8217;t need it, but fury is a b!tch. 

Visage + Circle =  Good destiny. Also, duel Obi for some serious damage. 

Limted Resources = Good end of game card, for when you know yer gonna win but the opponent is just annoying you with some steady drains. This could save you some serious differential in the clutch.

Masterful Move = Kicks serious @$$. Recycling 6, (ones foil!) which can search for a Visage to track or just to look thru your deck!

Other that this deck runs pretty well, and I hope it does well in states this year.

		Vs. Strategies-
Vs. Hidden Base
Watch out for Boussh , Blount, etc&#8230;canceling that Visage and draining on the Executor. Air may hurt, but don&#8217;t worry, just drain and probe. 

Vs. MWYHL 
Tough game. Jedi Tests will fu*k you over early, and remember, always assume their destiny for JT5 is a 7.  

Vs. Profit
Secret Plans may help if they try to pull an early flip. Don&#8217;t give&#8217;em aliens to start unless you really want to give em a smackdown you think you can win. 


Good Luck! 

Visit our site at http://planetswccg.com!

