---
layout: archive
author: ! Mike "DuneSeaHero" Bruner
title: ! "Endor Ops Version 3 5"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-27
description: ! "An ultra revised Endor Ops deck that I’ve been working on for a while."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Endor Ops

Prepared Defenses

Battle Order & First Strike

Biker Scout Gear

Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans

Endor Docking Bay Platform

Endor Bunker

Endor


Locations (8)

Endor

Endor Bunker

Endor Docking Bay Platform

Endor Forest Clearing

Endor Back Door

Kiffex

Endor Ancient Forest

Nal Hutta


Characters (19)

Emperor Palpatine X2

Biker Scout X3

Lord Vader

Darth Maul

Mara Jade

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Prince Xizor

Guri

U-3PO

Dr. Evazan and Ponda Baba

Rune Haako

Destroyer Droid X2

P-59

P-60


Combat Vehicles (6)

Speeder Bike X3

Tempest Scout 5

Tempest Scout 3

Blizzard Scout 1


Starships (9)

Accuser

Chimaera

Boba Fett in Slave I

Devastator

Conquest

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Stinger

Virago


Effects (10)

Perimeter Patrol X2

Ominous Rumors

Establish Secret Base

Do They Have A Code Clearance

Biker Scout Gear

Battle Order & First Strike

Imperial Arrest Order & First Strike

Overseeing it Personally X2


Interrupts (5)

Prepared Defenses

Short Range Fighters & Watch Your Back

Sniper & Dark Strike

You Overestimate Their Chances

Gravity Shadow


Other (4)

Mara’s Saber

Vader’s Saber

Maul’s Saber

Battle Deployment

'

Strategy: '

     First of all, you’ll notice the high character and starship count. This is a character drain heavy, interrupt and effect light deck. I modified it this way so that it can work well against SAC, and still hose many other deck types. 


  The first thing to do with this deck is to pull ominous rumors and establish secret base out of your reserve deck. These cards are essential to this strategy. Deploy Ominous Rumors at the very beginning of the game, unless you’re running against a RST deck, in that case wait until you have more firm control of Endor. In your first couple turns also draw until you get at least 1 more Endor site, preferably two.  As soon as possible, put down biker scouts and AT-ST’s on Endor to start Establish Secret Base Working. Deploy starships to Endor, and another system that you hopefully pulled when you drew cards at the beginning of the game, and if you didn’t, holding both Endor in space and ground should be sufficient. Deploy the Emperor as soon as you can to Endor, and deploy Overseeing it Personally on him. Say that you control the bunker with a biker scout, the docking platform with an AT-ST and a character, and the Back Door with a biker scout on a speeder bike. Your drain will double from 3 to 6 on Endor once you have Overseeing it Personally down. Adding the drain you get from the endor system, and you’re be draining for 11 each turn. Flipping the objective with this deck is also key. In a tournament I battled my opponent who had roughly the same power as me, but was going to draw 9 battle destiny using destiny adders. He forgot to look at the Imperial Outpost gametext (this is only part of it) opponent can only draw one battle destiny in battles. Boy did that piss him off 


Why I put in


Battle Deployment- This is a great space helper card, as my deck as an about equal number of both starfighters and capital ships. If I’m unable to flip Endor Ops, it also limits my opponent to one battle destiny on Endor if I control the system. Also it allows me to deploy a combat vehicle once per turn from my reserve deck which is very helpful in flipping the objective.


Thrawn- He can pull Battle Deployment, and an overall good pilot.


Battle Order & First Strike- Nearly all of my drains should be free if you control the Endor System and one Endor site (which should be easily done with this deck) and allows me to retrieve a force in battles I initiate, if the LS comes to play.


Rune Hakko- Same as above, I can retrieve force for battles, and also has a great game text for use against trackers.


Nal Hutta- LS drains -1 here, so if I ever lose control of this system the penalty will not be too great.


Thanks in advance for taking a look at this deck '