---
author: rad "flipout64" man
title: Imperial Occupation Odds with a twist
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-11
description: Deck that can kill characters, force drain with no problem, and I dont even have to flip the objective.
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(7)
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control
Secret Plans
Resistance
Oppressive Enforcment
Prepared Defenses
Tatooine
Desert

Locations(7)
Death Star
Spaceport City
Spaceport Street
Spaceport Prefect’s Office
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine:Desert
Tatooine:Jundland Wastes

Characters(8)
R4-M9(Arfour-Emmnine) x8

Starships(11)
Lambda-class Shuttle x7
Stinger
Virago
Sentinel-Class Landing Craft
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser

Interrupts(10)
Close Call x3
Shocking Revelation x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Ommni Box and It’s Worse
Torture x2

Effects(10)
3,720 to 1 x3
Sandwhirl x2
There’ll Be Hell To Play x2
Broken Concentration
Come Here You Big Coward
Reactor Terminal

Vehicles(7)
Tempest Scout x2
Tempest 1
Imperial Walker x2
Blizzard Walker x2


Strategy: 

This deck has a good chance of winning. The only reason I use the objective is to deploy sites to Tatooine. I start by getting out sites and then finding all the droids. I put the droids on ennclosed vehicles which they pilot. I then deploy sandwhirl on a desert and find 3,720 to 1’s with Twi’lek Advisor and insert it in opponents deck. All my characters are destiny four so I should do well with it. I can force drain and be safe from sandwhirl. If opponent deploys an unshielded character to the same site as sand whirl he will be lost. I put in some space to stop force drains at systems. Close call is good to make the opponent lose some of their mains. Ommni Box and It’s Worse and Shocking Revelation are good destiny 5, used interrupts that are used to put another card in your life force. Torture is a high destiny and cancels odds. Broken Concentration is good at battling jedi training decks. I once made my friend redo the first jedi test 7 times before it was completed. Overall this is a pretty good deck. 