---
author: bryce "khabarakh" leen
title: Well Why dont you have a look and find out
side: Light
date: 2001-04-13
description: this is a nice fallen portal deck that uses the MWYHL objective to get you some activation.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (6)

MWTHL/....
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas

Locations: (7)

Kessel
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah:Yoda’s Hut
Endor:Landing Platform
Cloud City:Platform 327
Tatooine:Docking Bay 94
<> Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters:(20)

Yoda
Ben Kenobi
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Luke Skywalker
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Daughter Of Skywalker
Princess Leia
Han With Heavy Blaster Rifle
General Solo
Chewbacca, Protector
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Orrimarko x2
Corran Horn
Tawss Khaa
Ketwol
Dash Rendar
General Calrissian
Nien Nunb
Admiral Ackbar

Weapons:(2)

Obi-Wans Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Admirals Order:(1)

I’ll Take The Leader

Starships:(4)

Home One
Artoo In Red 5
Gold Squadron 1
Outrider

Interrupts:(15)

Fallen Portal x4
A Few Maneuvers x3
Rebel Barrier x2
Alter And Friendly Fire x2
Hyper Escape
Gift Of The Mentor
Lost In The Wilderness
Surprise Assault

Effects:(5)

Your Insight Serves You Well
Menace Fades
Battle Plan
Special Modifications
Projection Of A Skywalker 

Strategy: 

**Changes**

Swap the starting Squadron Assignments to Your Insight Serves You Well.

This deck basically is designed to get you activation while not allowing the dark side too much in active. This has the ability to get 12 force before Mobiliztion Points is counted and before the opponent gives you any. so you do get some good activation going. In any game when you are playing this deck you always need to pull the docking bays quickly.

The destiny count of this deck is quite good so here goes;

0-9
1-17
2-3
3-8
4-10
5-7
6-5
7-1

As you can see the destinies in this deck are petty fine. there are 23 (With Your Insight....) destinies capably of getting rid of that annoying vader that just decided to drop in, totally uninvited. 

Recent Game Happenings

A lone Obi-Wan alone at a docking bay against an EPP vader, a jade, an evazan and a crappy unique trooper. They initiated, i fallen portalled the jade and the evazan, (with a tracked 6) and then used obi’s game text to make the ability 1 trooper go bye bye. then it was only obi and vader. i played a skull (which i have changed in) to add 3 to my total power, got a destiny 4 making me 12, to his destiny 2 and total 8. so from 1 battle obi-wan survived, and the scrub lost Vader, Jade, Dr. Evazan and a crappy trooper.


I was thinking of maybe taking out the surprise assault for 
soething else useful but after the game i played yesterday this is staying. he was playing RALOPS and he was stacked cos i came over to him. he drained for 2. i played the god card, and soon enough he was loosing ohhh 22 force from it.... hahaha

On the first turn you need to get out a docking bay, yoda’s hut, yoda and any sites or systems you got in your hand. then put a character at a docking bay and finish. if they come to beat him up then portal a character and make them hurt. they shouldnt be able to do this anyway because they shouldn’t have all that much force. 

Second turn pull out another docking bay and then backup the character at the original doking bay and and at the new one. The lowest activation i have had second turn is 12 so you can do big things before you opponent.

Later game stuff; If you get out the generic docking bay then be sure to always put it on Kessel. then once you get out the admirals order if you need to lose stuff then just lose it straight to the related dockingbay. It is always nice if they think they have beaten you up big and then you just forfeit Gold Squadron 1 and its 2 pilots with Special mods for forfeit 22, and then it goes straight to the docking bay.

Now for the matchups.

V’s BHBM

This is always a good game and promises to have a lot of nice battles. i dont usualy give them luke, i reveal farmboy luke and put in in his ship at the <>docking bay along with Orrimarko and Han With Heavy Blaster if they come down to get him fallen portal the guys which could be potentially a @#$% to you and then shoot, get 2 destinies and make them go running. Because there is only the potential drain system you shouldn’t have much problem in taking it for yours. Be sure not to allow them to get on top of you in the battles and get force. Otherwise Portal them and have some fun.

V’s TIES (with guns or tallon rolls)

This is mostly an easilly won game stack up at Kessel and play a few maneuvers on the one they go ot shoot. if they manage to shoot it loose it straight to the docking bay. you should beat them in power with the admiral’s order making each TIE power -2. Home One is is a legend in these games, if they have shot down a fighter to the docking bay then attririon them away with a 4 or 5 average a few turns into the game. be sure if they dont occupy Wallekumi (or something like that) to Alter Seinar fleet systems, which should f*&k them over bad. no retrieval or or forfieting to used pile for your ties now mr. player. if they play tallon roll go down with gold squad 1 (cos its immune) and beat em up. meanwhile drain them on the ground and you should have the game all wrapped up.

V’s Court or MKOS

these decks are a bit annoying at time but you can beat them easily. Get set at Kessel, and go to the Tattoine Docking Bay. once there drain and if the come to get you then go Fallen Portal on 2 of there guys. Because you get good destinies and they have got @#$%ty ability levels you can fallen them easily. they shouldnt bother you in space because if they are playing on ground then their space characters are gone. Zuckuss in ship is no probs. cos you have got an easy 7 ability at Kessel. set up for a drain of 3 and get going.
one very important thing in these games is that you alter Scum And Villainy. this stops their 2 retrieval per battle and stops them from getting deploy -1.

V’s Huntdown And Destroy The Jedi

This is always a good game and sometimes it comes down to the line. In these  games tracking well will be essential, if they drop Lord Vader+stick then you have to get a 6 to fallen portal him. but if they play a DVDLOTS then get him with one of the 23 possible destinies. BE sure to only get out a few of the docking bays early cos’ its easier to fight them off rather than fight your way in. if they get a good beatdown happening then forfeit say... a leia, and then replace her next turn!! getting Ben Kenobi and his stick down with DOS and her stick is a great way to defend a sie from a huntown beatdown. A lot of decks at the moment (including mine) pack Lateral Damages to get rid of that annoying HOME ONE+ACKBAR thingy, thats why i have the 2 alter+uncertain id the futures. Even if they play alter protection, alter the lat damage cos it will save you a lot of force in the end.

thats about all so thanks for reading and please no stupid reviews only serious help and reviews. Please tell me what you think need changing, if anything, and please be specific about it. Not just its @#$%. thanx..   