---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Jedi Taboos" Praskac
title: ! "Shopping Cart Barrier (DPC WINNING Day 1)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-27
description: ! "A more stable light deck that people can play at their locals."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(9) 

HothEcho Command Center (start) 

Dagobah Yoda&#8217;s Hut 

Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters 

Home One War Room 

Endor

Endor Landing Platform

Home One DB

Hoth Echo DB

Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room (START)


Characters(17) 

Han w/ Gun x2 

Leia w/ Gun 

Luke w/ Saber x3 

Obi w/ Saber x3 

Corran Horn 

Major Hasshn

Melas 

General Crix Madine

General Walex Blissex

Ketwol (awesome card)

Colonel Cracken

Lietenant Blount


Effects(14) 

Draw Their Fire 

Battle Plan 

Your Insight Serves You Well 

Ounee Ta 

Goo Nee Tay 

Civil Disorder 

Bacta Tank 

Do, or Do Not/Wise Advise

Order To Engage

Launching The Assault

Staging Areas (START)

Insurrection (START)

Strike Planning (START)

Aim High


Starships(2)

Home One

Millenium Falcon


Interrupts(19) 

Courage of a Skywalker 

Shocking Info & Grimtash

Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x4 

The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach x3 

Houjx & Out of Nowhere x2

Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency 

Clash of Sabers 

It Can Wait

Smoke Screen x2

The Signal

Heading For The Medical Frigate '

Strategy: '

***Typo in deck, i start throne room in this deck***


This deck was played by Tj & I day one of Normal.  I didn’t lose with it and won Tj free entry into the DPC tourney.


Start


Throne Rooom

Strike Planning

Insurrection

Staging Areas

Heading For Medical Frigate


This deck is extremely powerful against Hunt Down, BHBM, & Scum.  Hell it’s very powerful overall because it gives you a huge jump over the opponent.  


First turn, if opponent has given you no force you still pull General Blis & Crix.  If they gave you no force you can still deploy Blis to one of the db’s.  Next turn you deploy Crix and pull a guy, most likely a spy.  You can then pull Ketwol who lets you use ANY docking bay for free which is huge.  


The key to this deck is force choking the opponent and gettting Bacta Tank with HIT & RUN style going.  The deck consistenly playes Vader out of play & the smoke screens are a great help in killing Lord Vader. 


It Can Wait is a very powerful card, especially in this type of deck because of the opponent’s low activation you can pick & choose what you fight.


Their are 2 Houjx’s in there because you ask for a beating at your db’s.


Strategy


BHBM- invade their db’s.  Deploy luke from reserve deck for beats and give them luke when the time is right.  Goo Nee Tay & Ketwol is a huge boost.


HUNT DOWN- the 4 OCC/TT’s are great for cancelling VISAGE.  You also have spies to invade executer.  Once again Goo Nee Tay & Ketwol is a huge boost.


SCUM- hit & run with the bacta tank is the key.  Also get out Battle Plan & Draw Thier Fire.  When you can, completely invade JP to begin draining.  


TIE’s- Get Home One with Hassh on it.  If they come down with Dengar IT CAN WAIT him.  Set up Order TO Engage and make sure they are paying to drain also get Aim High out.  Tough game but Battle Plan & Aim High are the key.


Later, Chris ”Ghetto 7” Praskac  '