---
layout: archive
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Madskills’ LS Space"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-18
description: ! "Want a LS deck that can actually stand a shot in space?  I think I found one here....."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 

Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

Rendezvous Point

<Hidden Base Marker>

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Your Insight Serves You Well

Squadron Assignments

3rd effect depends..more in strategy section


Locations

Corulag 

Endor 

Endor Back Door  x2

Kessel  x2

Kiffex 

Roche


Characters

Bren Quersey 

Captain Han Solo 

Dash Rendar 

Elyhek Rue 

Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2

Lieutenant Naytaan 

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x3

Mirax Terrik 

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2

Theron Nett 

Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 


Starships 

Millennium Falcon 

Outrider 

Pulsar Skate 

Red 10 

Red 7 

Red 8 

Red 9 

Red Squadron 1 


Interrupts 

A Few Maneuvers  x3

Darklighter Spin  x3

I Know 

On The Edge  x2

Organized Attack  x3

Punch It 

The Signal 


Effects

Do Or Do Not And Wise Advice

Draw Their Fire 

Frozen Assets 

Honor Of The Jedi 

I’ll Take The Leader - Admiral’s Order  x2

Menace Fades 

What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?  x2 '

Strategy: '

Update 4 For you tards who reviewed my deck wondering why i use pulsar skate for mirax, it’s because it’s easier getting mirax out that way, and also the reason i use 2x leia epp and only one captain han is because i can get han or falcon with the other by squadron assignments and there is no other way to get leia.  I also use her because she is a solid ground character I can depend on.  Against a MKOS with Hutt Influence that is the whole reason I play Menace Fades.  Also Battle Plan DOES NOT hurt me, i can’t imagine why it would considering i pull 5 systems from my deck and am activating between 12-15 a turn.


Update 3 I also don’t play power pivots or xwing cannons because predominantly the powerful space decks lately are relying on star destroyers for the damage, not bounty hunter ships, and the bounty hunter ships are pretty much easy enough to kill anyways, if your region is heavy on mkos with bounty hunter ships then i suggest running 2x power pivot and 2x xwing cannon.


Update 2 Also for those of you......(Eric Hunter.....) who think you can’t darklighter spin and then draw a battle destiny after imperial command i refer you to juz’s ruling on screwy.net about smoke screen and guri, the same effect happens here http//www.screwy.net/rules/index.html go there and read the ruling about smoke screen and guri.  so if i have a falcon with captain han and leia on it i can play darklighter spin in place of my first draw and then get a destiny draw because i’ve only actually DRAWN one battle destiny, the other was an interrupt REPLACING a draw.


UPDATE Arrrrgh decklist errors

Replace a kessel with mon calamari

replace an a few manuevers with bacta tank

replace an organized attack and a darklighter spin for 2x star destroyer 


Ok so like I said the third effect basically depends on the matchup.  If it’s ISB, Hunt Down or any other deck you feel may play Imperial Commands you should play Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice for free grabbers so you can grab that effects ASP.  If it’s an MKOS start, you should opt to start menace fades.


Ok so basically this is a flipping hidden base deck with some strong assets to hold it’s own in this heavy ds space environment.  Here are some of the card choices


Your Insight Pull Honor to hurt Hunt Down, also can pull menace fades


Do Or Do Not and Wise Advice Play free grabbers to grab Imperial command.  SOOO useful in this environment.


6 systems so you don’t get screwed by losing one


Endor Back Door Tech card, set up menace fades with this, drain for 2. you can fallen portal here too, I don’t because I feel the fear of the portal is enough, but you can.  Also nasty against Endor Operations.


Mirax Terrik Allows you to get endor back doors to set up menace fades, is a tracking machine, works with squadron assignments


Red Squadron Pilots and Ships  Huge, adding destinies to power really evens things out in space.


A Few Maneuvers Easy recyclable 6 for on the edge, and really useful for.....


Darklighter Spin Ok so play a few maneuvers making your falcon maneuver 8.  They play imperial command forcing you to one draw, when you normally get three.  damn well instead of drawing the first destiny i’ll use the maneuver 8 of my falcon and draw destiny.  star destroyers don’t like attrition of 8+ destiny -)


Star Destroyer Huge card, ok so they don’t battle you now, ok play on the edge and retrieve 6.  Combine this with the two previous cards i mentioned to take down that behemoth Executor.


I Know and Punch It  After grabbing the commmand, you own them, or you can play draw their fire and possibly get these through, the imperial commands only last so long.


Organized Attack Makes X wing power bonus and immune to attrition, really nice.


What’re You Trying To Push On US So vital to beating imperial commands.


Draw Their Fire Did they not save any force? Or do you have a frozen assets in hand?  Well now imperial command isn’t so good anymore........


Deck matchups

Basically every game is the same, pull your systems, flip and set up a drain at kessel and another system and cancel two of their drains.  Here are a few notes on specific matchups


Any space deck with imperial commands just read all my card descriptions and figure it out.  grab imperial command, play funky interrupts to win battles.


BHBM give them jedi luke and make them lose one a turn


HuntDown don’t deploy obi if they are dueling, use jedi luke sparingly when he can be effective.  if they don’t play endor docking bay throw him to back door when their resources are though and they can’t touch him.  pull honor to stop visage loss


MKOS start menace fades get drains going fast, spread to 3 maybe even 4 systems depending on their space strength.  use mirax to find endor back doors, when using squadron assignments look to see if back doors are in deck, if not draw until you get it and you can win the game.


cards i want to add

aim high

order to engage

2x rebel barrier


well i hope you like it


'