---
author: Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: Podracing In Hoth’s Atmosphere
side: Light
date: 2001-06-09
description: A really odd deck, to say the least.  Hoth EBO Cloud Podracing!!  Card efficient and surprisingly effective.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Podrace Prep
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
A New Secret Base

Locations (9)
Clouds x4
Sullust
Hoth
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)

Characters (16)
Tibanna Gas Miner x2
Kebyc x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Captain Han Solo
General Calrissian
Jek Porkins
Tycho Celchu
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Zev Senesca
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian

Starships (8)

Red Squadron 1
Red 6
Tala 1
Tala 2
Green Squadron 3
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate

Interrupts (14)
The Signal
A Few Maneuvers x2
End Of A Reign
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
Changing The Odds x2
Tunnel Vision x5
Out Of Commission/Transmission Terminated x2

Effects (3)
Echo Base Garrison
Echo Base Operations
Squadron Assignments

Misc (3)
I’ll Take The Leader x2
I Did It! 

Strategy: 

This is my undefeated Echo Base OPS Clouds Podracing deck, played 7 times.

I have so many Tunnel Visions in here so I can make sure I get my needed cards out.  First things you want are clouds, then 1 Tibanna Gas Miner with Nar Shadda.  Then get out Squadron Assignments and then Kebyc.  All those are searchable with cards other than Tunnel Vision (except Kebyc), so if you can, use those cards as they are recyclable (for Podracing!).  I have lots of interrupts in here with high destinies so I can quickly win the podrace and play I Did It!  to help out against force-savers and extra retrieval.  I usually don’t use the Battleground site/system part, it’s just too hard to maintain the North Ridge.  I have Sullust in here basically for activation, but it’s extremely useful against ground-based decks.  All of the pilots on their ships can draw battle destiny alone, so you only need 1 on each cloud sector.  The rest can go to systems to hold those places, or the pilots to hold the ground somewhere necessary.  When you get 3 clouds out (controlling each one) and 1 Gas Miner, Kebyc, and a guy at each Echo site, and I’ll Take the Leader, you are hitting them for a loss of 10 each turn, 6 of which are from the reserve deck.  You are draining for 1 at each Echo site, and with I’ll Take the Leader out, 2 at the docking bay (if you hold the system).  And all of these characters and ships are relatively protected from anything, except for a TIE-heavy SFS weapon deck.  Your shielded characters will stay there for the whole game.  Your cloud-ships will stay all the time except against TIE decks.  And this is easily set up, save the clouds, which you’ll get in at most turn 4.

The podracing portion is usually in favor for you, although I have lost 1 race.  However, it did not defeat me.  It just took longer to defeat them.  The only reason I start with Podracing is that the odds are heavily in my favor, as all the interrupts are recyclable and high destiny averaged (except Tunnel Vision).  Also, it starts exactly as the Signal does, but with more damage and retrieval.  Much better than the Signal I’d say.  Enjoy. 