---
layout: archive
author: ! Denny "Noj" Chapin
title: ! "Court done CORRECTLY  aka Man I&#8217;m original "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-01
description: ! "This deck is for Joe Olson. Ya."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)

Court

Battle Order

Combat response

Mobilization points

Prepared defenses

JP AC

JP Dungeon

Tat Great pit


Ships (6)

Ig-88 In boat

Stinger

Zuckuss In Boat

Bossk in boat

Dengar in boat

Virago


Characters (23)

Royal Guard x14

Guri

Darth with flashlight

Mara Jade, hot chick

Prince Xizor

Mosep

Emperor Palpy x2

Myn Kyneugh

Lord Vader


Interrupts (6)

Combat Readiness x2

I have you &#8220;later&#8221;

You overestimate their chances

Abyssin Ornament

Drak Jedi Presence


Effects (6)

You can’t hide forever

Overseeing it personally

Inconsequential losses

Search and Destroy

Reactor termal

Strategic Reserves




Locations  (5) 

Rendili

Spaceprt DB

D2DB

Coruscant DB

Executor DB


Weapons  (7)

Force Pike x7

'

Strategy: '

Looks like a pile so please read the strategy.


The great thing about court it that it can pull docking bays and independent starships (ie Bounty Hunter Ships). So when making this deck I wanted to take full advantage of it.


Almost always start with what I have up there. If your expecting some major drains then start &#8220;You cannot hide forever&#8221; to pull overseeing it personally. The way this deck works is it uses your opponent&#8217;s sites/systems and your docking bay force denial to beat the living crap out of your opponent. The great thing about this deck is that it drains and it only gives my opponent 4 force. So pull a docking bay, preflibly Coruscant and drop a royal guard. Then drop the Death Star II docking bay next and drop the Emperor. I use the Coruscant docking bay if I can’t get the Emperor out, but it has never happened. Then play the Spaceport docking bay and start to swarm. Since most light side decks rely somewhat on the dark side activation/locations to deploy mains to drain, this doesn&#8217;t help them. Then invade use combat rediness when your opponent tries to lay the beats. Play Myn and react.

In the Middle game use your Redndilli to drain in space and ground for the extra pain. Also the great part about court is the direct damage. They lose one each deploy phase if they get scared of you (haha). Since you start with battle order (aways) they pay three at each location. Beat the crap out of them and drain. Its not spose to drain for a lot but 6 or 7 each turn hurts. 

Late Game drain and retrive. Win. 


Match-ups


EBO/Hidden Base Setup a drain on tatioone and play the direct damage with the objective and search and destroy. Then cancel the drains and invade space at no more than 2 systems. Don’t try to drain in space just block there’s, the early direct damage will mess up there thinking. Then drain and retrieve.


Any Mains Deck  BEAT THE CRAP OUT OF THEM. Retrieve. Win.


WYS  This is fun, most wys decks play little space and little ground with mains. Kill the mains kill the ground and retrieve. Make sure when you go against the superfalcon you have gotten ride of the punch it (ouch). Just chase them in space and on ground. They never active much with there objective so you don&#8217;t worry about the drains unless they don&#8217;t want to play ANYTHING. Have fun, win.





Have fun with this deck, its crazy and surprising. Springing the combat readiness and making their mains power 0 is fun 



This deck is dedicated to Joe Olson the best sw player I know.  Here&#8217;s to you.



Props to n BriaHunter because he’s #1, and because he&#8217;s not original like me.  

'