---
author: Adam "ADrake" Drake
title: Chock full of goodness!- TIGIH Scouts
side: Light
date: 2001-04-15
description: This deck sets up huge drains and well planned battles to decimate your opponent. Extremely versatile, has answers to most good decktypes.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
TIGIH/ICSH
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Endor: Landing PlatformLuke Skywalker JK or RS
Luke’s Stick
I Feel The Conflict
HFTMF
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Characters:
Luke Skywalker JK or RS (Whichever you did not start)
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Wuta
Corran Horn
Orrimarko
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Gen. Solo
Cpl. Kensaric
Gen. Madine
Leia w/Gun
Ithorian
Lando w/Axe
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
Cpl. Midge
Cpl. Beezer

Weapons/Devices:
Portable Scanner
Obi-Wan’s Journal
Landing Claw
Obi’s Stick

Starships:
Red Leader in Red One

Interrupts:
Insertion Planning x3
On The Edge x2
Fallen Portal x2
Control/Tunnel Vision x2
Double Agent x2
OOC/TT x2
Suprise Assault x2
Rebel Leadership x2
SATM/BP 
Courage of a Skywalker
Clash of Sabers
Weapon Lev.
Throw Me Another Charge

Effects:
YISYW
Bacta Tank
Ounee Ta

Sites:
Endor: Back Door
Home One: DB
Spaceport: DB



Strategy: 

I will begin by saying that when I first looked at TIGIH Scouts, I had my doubts, but the more I played this deck, the more I realized how strong it is.

Pretty much same routine every game. On your opponents turn, pull generals. On your first turn, DRAIN AT THE HUT (everyone forgets that!), activate, go for Home One DB and deploy Crix there, search for scouts, move Luke over to the Endor DB. Your next turn, drain, go get a scout, back up Luke, and draw for a Portal. As the game go on, you will deploy the back Door (whether with Wuta or manually from hand) begin building up there. Put Midge and Ithorian at a well defended site, and drain like hell. DO NOT BE AFRAID TO TAKE THE FIGHT TO YOUR OPPONENT! Obi-Wan is the sh1t when armed with his stick and the Journal. Use the Bacta Tank liberally. Late game, use On the Edge to retrieve and Suprise Assault if your opponent spreads to drain. This deck is built to handle anything thrown at it, and it does it well!

I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE ASKING... 
1.Why are you playing with Obi-Wan Kenobi??
The answer is simple. He can drain +1 with his   lightsaber, he is immune to attrition <5, and he can swing battles vs. swarm decks (i.e. MKOS Skrillings) when they forget his game text.

2. Won’t Battle Order hurt? 
Not as much as you would think. DS gives up quite a few icons, and my drains are not spread out. Plus with the ability to drain for as much as 6 at the Back Door, I will gladly pay three force for that, or I will pay 6 for a drain of a combined 8 at the DB and the Back Door.

MATCHUPS:

BHBM: Depending on what style they are playing, you may want to use Luke, Rebel Scout. What I mean is this: If you are playing a normal BHBM deck played by your average SWCCG player, he/she will be playing Emperor’s Power. If you suspect this, us RS Luke. If your opponent is Steven Lewis (see BHBM, Lewis Style) or another top tiered player, I would start Luke JK, because once you move over to the Throne Room, it becomes a drain of one or two (with POTF). Anyway, give them Luke, DO NOT FORGET DAMAGE FROM THEIR OBJECTIVE OR YOURS!!! Set up your drains and make them come to you. You can portal at all of your sites and you will only initiate when a battle is in your favor, so you should be able to drain your opponent out or cross Vader (Yes, I have done this!). This is a hard, but fun matchup.

SYCFA TIES:
This one is easy. You should be able to match thier drains on the ground. Landing Claw a capital to cancel a drain. Most people in my area are not playing Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us. If it is prevalent in your area, take out something and put in a Houjix. Suprise Assault is a beating late game. Any spies they put down are going to die, but try to use Corran Horn, because battling UC spies is fun!

HD:
Tough, but winnable. Give them Luke ASAP. Plenty of ways to cancel Visage (OOC/TT and spies). DO NOT DEPLOY OBI UNTIL YOU HAVE COURAGE! Use Leia cautiously as well. Portals and destiny manipulators can swing this game. DRAIN, DRAIN, DRAIN!

Court/Scum/anything using Jabba’s Palace:
Deploy your Spaceport DB outside of Jabba’s Palace and walk in. Drain on Endor and use Portal to take out multiple characters in battles. Obi is great against swarms and Bacta Tank can really save your @ss! Retrieve late for maximum potency!

RalOps:
Deploy your Spaceport DB to Raltiir. Dig for Ounee Ta. You can match their drains on Endor regardless of the -1 from the flipside of the objective. Suprise Assaults are a killer late game if they clump a lot of guys on speeders at one site. Do not be afraid to take the battle to them using Beezer, Rebel Leadership and Insertion Planning. 

ISB:
This is really not prevalent in my area, but I know many players are redicovering just how rediculous this objective is. Kill off anything they throw to Endor (almost everyone they play will be a spy!) If they are playing space, claw onto a ship at a big drain system. Drain, retreive, and uh... win. I really should playtest against this decktype more...

AOBS:
This matchup should not be a problem. Luke is on the table. If they try to kill/capture him, use Portal. If they capture him, make them lose to your objective. The character base for AOBS is so slight, if you can put a few characters OOC, they should be crippled. If they play Makurth, rape ’em. Those guys just suck!

I cannot think of anything I forgot. I know that I have missed something, but I think these are the prevalent decktypes right now. Please Dmail me with any questions. Hope it works as well for you as it has for me! 