---
author: Zared "newbi" Gehrig
title: Bombing Run
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-04
description: A hevy space deck that can take out ground decks with one blst. If i go, this will be my perminent dark deck for the 2 days. Does anyone know if it’s in  Milwauke. Leve a message at tievangared@worldnet.att.net
rating: 1.0
---
Cards: 

Starting
Bombing Run
SFS
Sullust
Oppresive Enforcement
1 Fear

Locations
Tatooine
Sullust
Ord Mantell
Astoroid Field

Starships
15 Scimitar Squadron Tie Bombers
15 Time Bombers

Weapons
6 Proton Bombs

Interupts
Short Range Fighters
2 Sense
2 Alter
2 Control
All Power To Weapons
Fear

Effects
Bombing Run
SFS
Oppresive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Return To Base
Planet Subjectary
Rouge Astoroid
3 Pride Of The Empire
Rebel Base Occupation 

Strategy: 

Why’s
Bombing Run:The best card, well the best effect. You can take out the best ground decks. Bombers can blow away Interior Sites and move to exterior sites for strong battles. Also the bombers will be +2 and 3 on a run. Combo with All Power To Weapons to add more to the power of the bombers.

Rebel Base Occupation: A good anti hidden base card. Well not anti, but can reck them. Deploy on his hidden system and he will lose force every turn. And if it gets cancelled it will got to use.

Reactor Terminal:You can recycle the good destnys into your deck for battles, weapons, and deployment.

Planet Subjectary:High destinys. It adds 5 to destiny of bombers drawn for destinys. Scary for draws.

Against:Hidden Base: Drop Hidden Base Occupation and he will lose great. Drop bombers at his base and destroy some of his int. sites. Spread out at all the parces 7 sites to darain and at the field. Retrive. You should out power him with All Power To Weapons and the bombers text.

Profit: Destroy the Audience Chamber and Jabba’s Palace. Dominate the ground with APTW PR and PS. Attrition will be great and cant take all the power and retrival with SRS and SFS. 