---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: ! "Why Wo@#$%a is a Scrub"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-24
description: ! "This is a totally unoriginal deck. Yet I fall back to it everytime..."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting stuff (5)

Kashyyyk

Prepared Defenses

Mobilization Points

There is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

Secret Plans


Locations (5)

Kiffex

Sullust

Endor

Naboo

Wakeelmui


Characters (3)

Arica

U-3PO

Keder the Black


Starships (16)

Tie Interceptor x11

Emperor’s Sword

Emperor’s Shield

Dreadnaught Class Heavy Cruiser x3


Weapons (3)

SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x3 (the good ones from SE)


Interrupts (18)

All Power to Weapons x4

Relentless Pursuit x2

Flawless Marksmenship

I Can’t Shake Him

Neimoidian Advisor x2

Twi’lek Advisor x2

We Must Accelerate Our Plans

Tarkin’s Orders

Operational as Planned x2

Short Range Fighters

Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us


Effects (8)

Sienar Fleet Systems

Well Guarded

Something Special Planned for Them

Lateral Damage

Pride of the Empire

Dreaded Imperial Starfleet

They’ll Be Hell To Pay x2


Admiral’s orders (2)

Fighter Cover x2 '

Strategy: '

SFS cannons targets starfighters with armor 

Yes only one Sienar. I only own one 

I used the deck in a tournament today (went 2-0) and the grabbers helped alot. Grabbed Out of Commission and Sense 

This deck is better than SYCFA. You get a system right away and WYS doesn’t choke you. Plus you can satisfy Don’t do that Again. 

Read the rules. Undercover spies with cancelled game text still work  

Response to reviews

I might draw a spy? Well if I don’t I still have Dreaded Imperial Starfleet which isn’t all that hard to pull with 2 Twi’leks and an Accelerate. 


Changes

Make Mobilization Points the combo card for anti-numbers even though LS numbers is rare (only one I saw recently was the Wisconsin deck)


Sorry this deck is unoriginal. I am a scrub and can’t play a real deck. My friends all know I fallback to Tie or Brangus whenever one of my decks does badly...


Ok, I based this deck off of a deck made by Johnathan ”marauder333” Jackson’s entitled ”I hear people look at decks with interesting names.” My deck is only about 6 cards different but Tie decks are pretty generic anyway outside of the start and the red cards.


Start

Ok, I start Kashyyyk so


A) Battleground drain 2 system right away + can fulfill Don’t Do That Again

B) Same activation as SYCFA gets vs WYS

C) Surprise factor vs people who have no idea who the hell I am


My effects are pretty straightfoward. I hate SAC so I start the SAC killer card. Mobilization Points goes into every Tie deck. I use the combo card because it is anti-numbers and I can stop Don’t Do That Again right away. With a SYCFA deck it is harder as you have to draw a system. Finally, Secret Plans is anti-retrieval. I used to run Shocking Revelations in here just for fun, that’s why I don’t use the combo card. The combo doesn’t help me much anyway. 


Systems

With the release of Coruscant, there’s another 2/2 system, great for space decks. Naboo, Sullust, Endor, and Kiffex all are drains of 2 and Menace Fades doesn’t do much vs them. Endor has cool game text also. Wakeelmui is an obvious choice in this deck. Just don’t drop it too early.


Characters

Coruscant gives us another built in undercover spy. With 3 undercover spies, the LS won’t get to drain much on the ground. There shouldn’t be much force loss for you unless you face Profit or a deck that uses I Hope She’s Alright. 


Ships

I find 11 Tie’s to be a good number. Just enough for beatdown without bogging down the deck. Dreadnaughts are for mobility or the extra +1 power in beatdowns. Otherwise don’t deploy them or else Landing Claws might blcok your drains. The squadrons are good as reacts and you retrieve 3 for deploying them. They are monsters with All Power to Weapons and Dreadnaughts.


Weapons

The SE Tie cannons kill pretty much any starfighter. Plus the LS has no anti-weapon card like Overload. Interceptors can shoot twice also. Shoot down the Falcon, Outrider, Pulsar Skate, any of the new Coruscant ships, unqiue X-wings, etc. With Flawless Marksmenship, any starfighter is dead. Watch out vs racing with I Did It though. 


Interrupts

All the choices are obvious. Relentless Pursuit helps vs Home One and other ships. All Power to Weapons is obvious. Twi’lek and Accelerate help pull your effects. With Accelerate our Plans you are less likely to lose a Twi’lek to Grimtaash. Flawless Marksmenship helps you hit the Falcon or Wedge in Ship. Operational as Planned is anti Frozen Assets, Draw Their Fire, and I Did It. Neimoidian Advisors allow you to pull systems without Merrejk. I Can’t Shake Him can help deploy your cannons and add battle destinies. Short Range Fighters is for late game retrieval. Tarkin’s Orders cancels cool stuff like Hyper Escape and Surprise Assault as well as drains and it can retrieve a Tie. The Ghhhk combo card is anti-claw and anti-Hyper Escape. Also stops the Spiral and beatdowns. 


Effects

Dreaded Imperial Starfleet and Sienar are obvious choices. The grabbers help vs SAC and Out of Commissions (Podprofit). Well Guarded can be pulled fairly early for Grimtaash defense and Something Special Planned for Them kills retrieval loops. Lateral Damage is good for beatdowns especially since Hashn is seen less nowadays. Pride of the Empire is a good form of direct damage. Just watch out for Honor of the Jedi. 


Admiral’s orders

Fighter cover is anti-I’ll Take the Leader and it actually is good in this deck. You can leave Ties with cannons alone and get 6 power w/o All Power.  The redraw ability is nice also.


Strategy

Pull Wakeelmui. If Don’t Do That Again is out, just drop a Tie to Kashyyyk. Most decks can’t stop the drain of 2 on turn 2 except WYS. Try to set up Tie’s with Cannons at various systems. Don’t do this vs X-wing decks however as they can shoot you down first. Basically drain for 2 at a bunch of places and wait for them to come to you. If they don’t you drain them out. If they do, use your weapons + red cards to kill some ships. THen if anyone is left, you drop lots of Ties and a Dreadnaught and they die. You have alot of retrieval, good drains, and you cancel drains. If they kill your spies with Sorry About the Mess, just retrieve them next turn. 


Vs decks

Space (HB, EBO)

Drain for 2 early, they can’t stop it for 1-2 turns. When they deploy ships, shoot them down. Vs. X-wngs, battle them first so you can shoot them down. Relentless Pursuit and Lateral Damage are good vs Dash and Home One. Drain them out plus you have more retrieval than them. 


WYS

Go to Tatooine ealry with cannons. Grab anything good like Darklighter Spin. Something Special Planned for Them is good anti-retrieval vs Kessel Runs or Harvests. You can shoot down pretty much anyone in space while you cancel drains on the ground. Not too hard again...


QMC

Take over Bespin and don’t let them flip. Their retrieval ends eventually and you block their ground drains. This deck packs more space than most decks and watch out for X-wing cannons.


Ground (mains and anything else)

You drop undercover guys and you drain/retrieve in space. Not hard at all. If they place ships it is usually the Falcon or Home One. You kill those with your interrupts. Grab their SAC if any. Take the I Hope She’s Alright damage, you’ll just retrieve it anyway. In late game break Arica’s cover at a site. 


Podprofit

Spread and drain in space. Artoo in ship gets shot down easily with Flawless Marksmenship. The race damage isn’t all that bad. Use Operational as Planned to get by Draw Their Fire/I Dit It. Basically it’s a drain race but you cancel most of their drains. You take 3-4 Profit damage but you can drain for up to 10 a turn.


Senate

Senate is a bad deck. Drop someone undercover to the Senate and there goes their drain of 1. I haven’t seen a good LS senate deck yet. Basically play it the same as vs mains I’m guessing.


Anything else

Spread and drain. You retrieve alot, cancel their drains, and beatdown if they come to space. 


If you have any questions, d-mail me.


- Chris ”Wedge231” Wo@#$%a         '