---
author: Patrick "Wittens Hand" Dennis
title: Hidden card trick `
side: Light
date: 2001-05-17
description: I got nothing up my sleeve except a chewie han and luke really! oh balderdash no jawas can kill me! "Wittens hand" whos that?
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting
Hidden base
Rendevous point
Bothawui (your indicator)
HFTMF
Staging areas
Insurrection
Battle Plan

Locations
Dagobah
Rendevous Point
Cloud City: Platform 327
Tatooine: Docking bay 94
Home One: Docking bay
Endor Landing Platform

Effects
Staging Areas
Battle Plan
Insurrection
Squadron Assingments
Traffic Control
Lightsaber Proficiency
Ounee Ta
I Hope Shes Alright
Scramble
Honor of the Jedi

Interrupts
2x Fallen portal
2x Rebel Leadership
2x Rebel Barrier
2x Throw Me Another Charge
2x Houjix
2x The Signal
2x Surprise Assault
2x Artoo I Have A Bad Feeling About This
2x Grimtaash
Choke
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
The Force is Strong With This One

Charachters
2x Luke Skywalker Rebel Scout
2x Leesub Sirln
2x Ishi Tib
2x Corran Horn
General Solo
Chewbacca w/ blaster rifle
Artoo & Threepio
Chwebacca Protector
Lando w/ Vibrator
Areil Schous
Leebo
Dash Rendar

Starships
Outrider
Home One

Devices
Mercenary Armor

Weapons
Jedi Light saber 

Strategy: 

********READ THE MAGIC BEHIND THE TRICK***********

Ok staring is straight forward set up then deploy home one docking bay. You should have some low cost charachter able to sit there first turn. Pull dagobah if you see it when you got the docking bay.

Your second docking bay HAS to be endor. Solo is dang expensive unless hes there and he works well when you get chewie with him down there. 

Luke stays in hand till you at least get the lightsaber. Drop proficiency asap to help out with your force drains. 
Now battle plans can be a shot in the foot unless you prepare accordingly. The force activation will give you the crutch to overcome it as you totally drain them down. 

Dagobah is a nice touch as they cant deploy any saved up space unless they can get around dagobah rules, or have a spy ship to drop at rendevous point (which he cant drain also)

Ok now for the meat and potatoes. I get a lot of scum play hence the grimtaash.

You guys name card i dont have and where the heck does it say I HAVE TWO RENDEVOUS POINTS?

i dont have anakins lightsaber wish i did but i dont.

I know it only has 5 locations the reason it does it it works with the staging areas. the added effects that are good is if the opponent has scum or little air its wasted as they cant deploy it. (very few starships have a 7 hyperspeed)

You guys point out that giving oponnent force is bad SO WHAT MORE FORCE DRAIN OPPORTUNITIES! Get luke the cruddy lightsaber and add a proficiency and Poof instant magic.

Scramble is a nice surprise cause SINCE WHEN HAVE THEY HAD TO WORRY ABOUT IT!!! i mean it was a hard card and with all the sac protection who on earth would think to include sense and alters. Bounty hunters especially get stopped short.

Ok only with the few cards i have i pull this deck off nicely. If you have card suggestions try to pick more common ones as the rares are a hard department for me. (i use Scouting Lukes for christ sake)  