---
author: Zack "Fett Lord" Phillips
title: SYC :  Ultimate Power Indeed
side: Dark
date: 2001-07-06
description: This is my undefeated SYC deck that tracks, battles, drains,retreives ect., and wins like a champ.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
DS
DS*DB
Alderan
Prepared D
Mob Points
OE
AMillion Voices

Locations (7)
DS*War room
Kuat
Hoth
Fondor
Yavin 4
Kashykk
Kiffex

Characters (14)
Lennox
GMT
Maul
Janus
DVEPP
U3P0
DSGunner x3
Piett
Arica
Godherdt
Chiranue
Trawn

Big Blue(10)
Tyrant
Executer
Stalker
Vengeance
Avenger
Accuser
Judicator
Devastator
Thunderflare
Chimera

AO(1)
We are in attack position now

Effects(8)
KDY
Secret Plans
SSPFT
Lateral Damage
Reacter Terminal
Imperial Decree
TWBHTP
First Strike

Interupts(10)
Twilek Advisor X 2
Imperial Command X 3
PASOA
Rebel Barrier X 2
Control/SFS X 2


Weapons(2)
The Stick of Maul
Super Lazer

Epic Event(1)
CPI



Strategy: 

For starters this deck is undefeated in all kind of play (Tournaments, Playtsting Ect.). It is very solid and provides the best activation platform for the DS. This deck is very solid, but it does have a  weaknesses which i will discuss now.

1. It uses a heck of a lot of cards. To combat this i have added reacter Terminal which helps some. Not much you can do about this, but the Activation is so solid that I am willing to accpet this weakness. Also, if you have tracked your destiny for cpi, only use as many gunners as you need.

The streanghts of this deck are great.

1. The ability to retrieve 27+ cards a game is huge. Play it smart, dont deploy unless you need to so you get the most out of your retrieval.

2. The activation is second to none. 17 force by yourself us plenty.

3. All ships immunity to attrition less than 6.

4. The drains are Massive.

5. Set your Course for Tracking.



Now for the real strategy section.

Early game
   Start the game by deploying a gunner to the war room, if possible. On the 2nd turn send him to your rd for the lazer, deploy it, and move to parsec one. 3rd turn move the Death Star to parsec 2. During these first 3 turns try and get a used interupt to track. And 4th turn blow up Alderan.

Middle Game
   Pull Kuat w/ Mob Points and KDY w/ Twilek. Immune Star Destroyers. Get Piett on the Executer at Fondor, and pull We are in attack position Now, or Chiranue if you dont have an Imperial command. Stack Chiranue on the Big E, or another ship if you got the force, and move him to yavin 4. Get him some protection and start the Draining. U-3po, Arica, and Control can stop the ground drains. Not many people can drain you in space is you play smart. Retreive any force you lose w/ a Destroyer.

End Game
   You should now control space so spread out and drain like crazy. If it lasts this wrong, then you should always win. Reacter Terminal any extra cards.

Card Choices

Maul- A huge Force to be reckoned with. He can go to ground, but he is most effective in space. He can sit in front of their ships and drain in their face.

Godherdt- Landing Claw sucks

OE- 2 destiny star destroyers is better than one.

Barriers- So you can spread out in space w/o worry.


Matchups

WYS- Use your UCs on the ground (as in every other deck). Start your fleet at Fondor, then move out to contest drains and kill off their fleet. Put Maul on Tatooine where he can be useful in land and air. Watch out for Power Pivot.You can outdrain him, so you should win. Grab tunnel vission.

EBOX- Don’t leave yourself undefended to a beatdown. Build in Fondor, move out from there. He can drain as hard as you, but you should win the space wars, thus winning the game. Grab Org Attack and use Imperial Decree.

HBX- Same as EBO. If they are podracing it isnt that big of a deal, just don’t plan on a beatdown.

QMC- PRetty much stay off of Cloud City, Except w/ your UC’s. As is everything else that uses space, you should win. Go to Bespin and blow them off there. Use your Imperial Commands to Add  tracked Destinys, that will help. Grab Path is you do have a beatdown squad on Cloud city

Force Denial- You will do fine, 17 is enough for you a turn.

Sac- Grab the senses, thats about it.

Profit- A tough one. Direct damage hurts, but since you are uncontested in space, spread out fast, use your barriers if they do come. Maul will be huge on the ground for you.

Well thats about it. This is the best activation platform for DS, which is why I use it. It is undefeated, and matches up well to anything. Ultimate Power Indeed.





