---
layout: archive
author: ! Eric "YOYOY" Bailey
title: ! "My Kind Of YOps"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-03
description: ! "Using Y-Wings for absolutely massive retrieval and annoyance. Don’t laugh, the deck is extremely fun, and works too."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

Local Uprising/Liberation

Ralltiir

Spaceport Docking Bay

Heading for The Medical Frigate

Insurrection

Staging Areas

Menace Fades


Locations (5)

Home One Docking Bay

Asteroid Field x3

Big One


Characters (13)

Corporal Marmor

Ralltiir Operative

Elyhek Rue

Daughter Of Skywalker

Chewbacca, Protector

Lando With Vibro-Ax

Luke With Lightsaber

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber

Tawss Khaa

Lieutenant s’Too Vees

Jeroen Webb

Ishi Tib

Figrin D’an


Starships (14)

Independence

Liberty

Spiral

Red 7

Gold Leader In Gold 1

Y-Wing x9


Interrupts (14)

The Signal x3

Houjix x2

Hyper Escape

It’s A Trap

Fallen Portal

Organized Attack

All Wings Report In

Tunnel Vision

Jedi Levitation

Clash Of Sabers

A Few Maneuvers


Effects (5)

Koensayr Manufacturing

Rebel Fleet

Traffic Control

Reflection

Projection Of A Skywalker


Device (1)

Landing Claw


Admiral’s Order (1)

No Questions Asked '

Strategy: '

Strategy


     Stop laughing, and please read the strategy before you rate the deck. Keep in mind that I realize it isn’t the best deck, but it’s still a lot better than you think, and it’s extremely fun.


     This deck has gone 2-1 in tournaments so far, it’s only loss due to a stupid mistake I made. I had a lone Y-Wing at a system with a Houjix in hand, he deployed First Strike, I didn’t have a Force saved up... so he beat me down for like 30, but I came back and lost by only 17. Out of all the decks that had lost to him that day, this deck lost by the least, so I gave up a good fight. And I could’ve easily won that game if I had played smart.


     Okay, your first turn, activate. During your deploy phase, use Insurrection to check your Reserve for a docking bay. See what’s in there, therefore knowing what’s in your Force pile. Deploy Home One Docking Bay. Depending on what’s in your Force pile, you can either deploy a scrub to the H1DB, or draw up, especially if Corporal Marmor is in there. But you wanna get a scrub (Figrin and Ishi Tib are the best) to the H1DB ASAP. Then start trying to get Corporal Marmor, Ralltiir Operative, and some backup (DOS is nice backup early, adding another icon, and can use Reflection) at the <>Spaceport docking Bay. If they battle at the docking bay, you can use Fallen Portal for a nice surprise, or just use It’s A Trap. Or if worse comes to worse, just use Houjix.


     Once you get the Op and Marmor to the db, get Koensayr Manufacturing out ASAP (easy with Signals, Jedi Levitation, and Tunnel Vision) and start deploying Y-Wings to the db for free, retrieving with Marmor. The Y-Wings can then lift off for free, and the Op let’s you drain for 2 at the db.


     Also get Elyhek Rue in Red 7 to Ralltiir ASAP. This adds 1 to your drains at Ralltiir locations, which is very awesome. Drain for 3 at the db, 2 at Ralltiir system, and at least 2 at each of the sectors.


     Then start sending the Y-Wings into the sectors. Deploy a Y-wing to the Big One when you get it out. You can drain for up to 4 at the Big One (Elyheck Rue and 3 other sectors), activating 2 there with No Questions Asked, and the opponent gets no icons there. With Elyhek Rue, you can drain for at least 2 at these sectors, which is nice. And when those Y-Wings are lost due to asteroid destiny, retrieve them. Koensayr Manufacturing gets one back every control phase. And/or you can just use Reflection or Figrin Dan. And/or you can just deploy another Y-Wing to the db while Marmor’s there. Or you can use All Wings Report In with enough Y-Wings out.


     Use Projection and Landing Claw to help block drains. Not to mention Rebel Fleet. And don’t forget Menace Fades, which is easy to get going. Or the fact that this deck retrieves so much, so the drains don’t hurt much in the first place. Drains are definitely not a problem with this deck.


     Feel free to deploy lone Y-Wings to systems, with a Houjix or Hyper Escape in hand. This is so fun... versus TIEs, I deployed a lone Y-Wing to his Sullust, he deployed 8 cards there (1 Dreadnought, 7 Interceptors). He battles, I Houjix. Next turn I retrieve the Y-Wing, and retrieve the Houjix. So he had to deploy 8 cards to get me to lose... well, nothing. If he wants to do that it’s perfectly fine to me. Another fun thing to do is to deploy Liberty alone... it forfeits to Used Pile, then you can use Houjix.


     The mains just proved backup, and maybe a small beatdown or 2... Clash Of Sabers can make a beatdown possible with Luke or Obi, and Lando helps too. Lando makes a great pair with s’Too Vees, especially on Tatooine, where they get 2 battle destinies, a destiny added to power, and a swing with the Ax.


     Jeroen Webb is the utility character. I got him in my first pack ever, and he’s been in my LS deck ever since. As long as I have him, he’ll never come out. Setimental? Yeah... but he’s so cool too. A spy, deploy 2, forfeit 6, ability 2 pilot is quite useful actually. Use him as a spy to infiltrate their site. Use him as a pilot in space. Use him as the scrub at the H1DB. Forfeit meat. Backup. Whatever you use him for, he’s cool.


     Remember that A Few Maneuvers can be used after a destiny is drawn targeting the starship’s maneuver, including asteroid destinies.


     The Signal, Tunnel Vision, and Jedi Levitation make it pretty easy to get just about anything you want. This deck cycles through itself pretty well, you can normally get any card you want in a turn or 2.


     Oh, and if you didn’t figure out already, you won’t be flipping the Objective. You don’t need to.


     I’m still messin’ with this deck a lot, any suggestions, tips, whatever are welcome. Docking And Repair Facilities would really make this deck a monster... but alas, I don’t have that card. Among other cards... matchups


TIEs

     A long tough game, but you should win. Just outlast them, blocking their drains, using the sectors to your advantage, and be careful. Generally try to annoy them as much as possible, harassing them at every opportunity. A fun matchup... a typical turn for them is like they drain, you cancel the drain, they groan, they deploy a few TIEs to your Y-Wing that’s alone, they battle, you Houjix, they groan. Your turn, you retrieve that Houjix, the Y-Wing, a few other cards, they groan even more. From there, the possibilities are endless.


Tatooine

     MKOS, Court, CCT, whatever, just outlast them. They can’t drain for too much, and even if they do you can handle it. Feel free to beatdown on Tatooine if you can, especially with Lando and his buddies. But don’t try too many beatdowns. Just wear them down gradually, continuing to retrieve as much as possible. Don’t forget to use All Wings Report In when you have 7 or more Y-Wings out. Doing this in the end-game definitely has some jaw-drop potential.


     Haven’t had much experience in terms of matchups with this deck... as I said, it’s only been to one tourney.


     Against any deck, just try to outlive them, retrieving a whole lot. Drain for as much as possible, and feel free to abuse Houjix, using the same one multiple times in a game. Tech oozes out of every pore in this deck... try finding some of it out yourself. There are so many little tricks you can do... it’s just so fun. Thanks, any comments are welcome, I realize it isn’t the best deck, but it’s extremely fun, and isn’t having fun the most important thing? '