---
author: patrick "patziagos" ziagos
title: WTF Does C-3PO Do? - PA State Champion Deck
side: Light
date: 2001-05-21
description: No Objective? No starting Effects? No Problem!!! Harvest deck which uses HDWGITM to its FULLEST extent!!!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Places(6)
Rendezvous Point
D: Yoda ’s Hut
T: Cantina
T: Lar’s Moisture Farm
T: Mos Eisley
T: Obi-Wan’s Hut

People(18)
Ben Kenobi x2
Corran Horn x2
Han w/ Gun x2
Leia w/ Gun
Luke w/ Stick x3
Owen Lars @ Beru Lars x3
Artoo x4 (yeah 4!!!)
C-3PO (a.k.a. A$$ card...but not to me)

Things(3)
Lando in Falcon
Obi’s Lightsaber x2

Red Cards with Green Symbols(3)
Goo Nee Tay
Lightsaber Proficiency
Order to Engage

Red Cards w/o Green Symbols(30)
Alter
How Did We Get Into This Mess x5
Nabrun Leids
Out of Commission x5
Sense x4
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
Under Attack
Blaster Deflection
Careful Planning
Sorry About the Mess & Blaster Prof.
Control & Tunnel Vision
Courage of a Skywalker
Double Agent
Harvest x4
Lost in the Wilderness
Punch It!



Strategy: 

Here it is!  My undefeated Pa state championship deck.  It claimed victories over Ray Bordier (defending state champ) and TJ Holman ( playing his DPC winning MKOS!)  I started playing an early version of this 18 months ago, but Reflections II really boosted its power.  Not only by the obvious Lars combo card but also by the WYS invasion.  Hunt down with dueling can be a threat, but most have adapted to imperial command version.  Its SAC package (theres a joke in there somewhere) is not very large, but dark SAC is virtually non-existent right now, so it is able to dominate for the most part.

Playing this deck is the only true way to see its power.  I learn more ways to abuse it every time I play it.  I know thats  usually how every strategy section starts ( Dear Forum, I always thought your letters were made up until I met Mindy)but its all too true in this case.  Clever use of  HDWGITM can provide you with virtually ANY card you want WHENEVER you need it.  And the true beauty of it is you are able to pack a wider variety of choices into the deck and still feel like you have multiple copies of each and every one.

Oops!  My original post forgot to mention to start with Obi-Wans Hut.  Then play Careful Planning for the Farm.  

I cant possibly explain every way to exploit this deck, but I will try to give you some of the basics.  First and foremost, get a droid to the farm.  Begin to play HDWGITM.  Filter out all of your locations.  This will provide you with massive activation, the backbone of the deck.( I typically generate between 12 and 20 force by turn 4)  It has the added benefit of raising your average destiny too!  Now continue this cycle with characters.  It is quite common to play out 3 or 4 mains characters in the same turn even though you only started with 1 in hand.   Lose extra mains to lost pile to continue to raise average destiny.  Eventually you will have Ben at the farm with the Lars.  If you can pull off some Harvests you can retrieve and stack very good destinys (Artoo anyone?)  

If you need to drain race, go to Mos Eisley and do some Cantina shuffling.  With the drain bonuses and Harvest retrieval you should come out on top.

If they decide they want to  fight you, use Ben to keep your EPPs coming back for more after they blast and slice whatever you opponent throws at you.  Out of Commision plays a big role here.  Not only do your characters almost never die. But his almost never come back!  Keep Ben safe from bounty hunters with Blaster Deflection and Profiency.  When losing a card to attrition always pick the Lars when possible.  Luke is power 11 even if Ben revives them on your opponents turn.

I generally try to avoid space as much as possible.  But if you have to go there(Battle Order, huge drains, compelling need to show off),put Lando in Falcon in front of their weakest space force,  HDWGITM for a ability 4 co-pilot (preferably Corran),deploy Order to Engage, track your Punch It! and HDWGITM for that, Harvest back 3 conveniently lost Artoos at the end of your turn and recycle.  Those 3 cards have taken out more Executors then I can count on all my digits.  The best part is your can Harvest it back on his turn after the smoke clears and HDWGITM to put it back into your hand on yours.  Redeploy everything and continue the fun.

Out of Commission (must be the non-combo, too much anti TT tech out there, besides, with constant retrieval and jedi, Visage is my friend anyway!) is very important for setting up HDWGITM.  If you know the card you want in your hand is deep in your reserve deck, just draw lots of cards and dig for it.  If you decide you want to keep some reserve cards down for destiny just play a few OOCs to get your hand size down.  Oh yeah, they also put dark cards out of play!  If youre gunning for a particular dark side character you can play 4 or 5 OOCs right before recycling, then HDWGITM after your opponent activates 1 force and play them all over again.  This deck usually places around 12-20 cards out of play by the end of the game (current record high: 32 out of play!).

The biggest choice your opponent has is which interrupt to grab with Therell be Hell to Pay.  They all hurt, but none of them being grabbed will completely break you.  Just slow down your use of that card until you really need to use it.  With 4  Harvests youre still gonna retrieve 16 force!  By the way, dont forget about the lesser used part of Harvests text.  Adding two destiny can be just what you need to cap off the perfect beatdown. 
This has been a long strategy section already, so Im not going to go into specific match ups.  The best thing to do is play smart, usually play YOUR game, and let them come to you.  Be mindful of all the possible tricks at your disposal and you should be able to concoct something to win with.

SPECIFIC TECH EXPLANATIONS:

Double agent: Kills spies dead.  Too much fun to see Artoo take out the Emperors hand.

C-3PO: Hes golden; what more do you need ?  Seriously, he is the one droid that cant be monnoked at just the wrong moment, he can manage the farm while Artoo goes spy hunting, and hes kinda nifty when with Artoo too.

Under Attack: You’d be surprised how many scum decks think they can chase you away from the farm by parking their party bus outside.  Decent destiny too.

Nabrun Leids: Usually wrecks scum decks.  No IAO means you get to deliver old school beatings all game(which, I may add, doesnt last long after one or two transports).  Also gets you to Ralitiir for Order to Engage chase maneuvers.

Lost in the Wilderness: Against BHBM Luke goes to the farm for 2 force!  Daddy comes to pick him up.  Daddy gets lost in between Uncle Owens tool shed and Vaporator #1.  Luke escapes.  Pile on your characters to the site.  Vader gone for good.  Easier than OOC!  

Courage of a Skywalker: Comes in handy when opponent tries to duel early.  High destinys should come out on top.  Vader will more than likely be out of play by late game.  Can also be huge for keeping Ben around for non-epic Circle is now complete.  Look on opponents face is priceless.  (this actually happened in my game with Ray Bordier, seems appropriate since I eventually claimed the state champion title that he was defending!)

After reading some reviews I guess I should mention that I didn’t expect to see many TIE decks.  Not at the top at least.  My experience is that they seem to run out of fuel if you dont fight them.  And the OOCs really screw with their retrieval.  If you are worried about them you could prolly add a grimtaash (which you can use over and over) and a Surprise Assault ( was in original deck but got weaker since Hutt Influence).  The Assault was one card I really debated about putting in but I decided TIE’s werent a real threat in PA      

Well there you have it. I hope you enjoy playing this deck as much as I do.

PS this is my first Decktech submission ever!!! Please give me a good rating.

Patrick Ziagos
PA State Champion 2000
Going down in SWCCG history as one of only two reigning regional co-champions.




