---
layout: archive
author: ! Mark "MASSACRE" Carila
title: ! "Mark’s TDIGWATT Pile"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-02
description: ! "tdigwatt mains"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)

TDIGWATT

CC Upper walkway

Secret Plans

Prepared Defenses

Crush The Rebellion

You Cannot Hide Forever

I’m Sorry


Locations(4)

Bespin

B CC

CC West Gallery

CC Lower Corridor


Characters(11)

Darth Vader x2

Lord Vader

Darth Maul

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Prince Xizor

Aurra Sing

Dr. E. & Ponda Boba

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

IG-88 With Riot Gun


Ships(5)

Boba Fett in Slave 1

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Dengar In Punishing One

Chimaera


Interrupts(22)

I Have You Now x2

Weapon Levitation x2

Limited Resources x2

You Are Beaten x2

Levitation Attack x2

Masterful Move x3

This Is Some Rescue x2

Ghhhk x2

Force Field

Ommni Box & It’s Worse

Vader’s Eye

Evader & Monnok

Look Sir, Droids


Devices(5)

Caller x2

Binders x2

Restraining Bolt


Effects(3)

Presence Of The Force x2

Reactor Terminal


Weapons(2)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Vader’s Lightsaber


Podracer(1)

Sebulba’s Podracer '

Strategy: '

You grab your sites and BCC first turn. next turn drop bespin. drop a lone vader and his lightsaber(or without it) if they battle him vader’s eye and i have you now(if you have the lightsaber on him then use you are beaten) if it’s darth vader he adds one to your destinies so you kill everybody.(really high destiny) once someone dropped a luke w/ stick and battled me. i have you nowed and hit him. i drew a 6, 6, and a 3. they are all +1 and luke was hit. he drew a 5 and vader died and luke died with 14 overflow.(that was second turn, i might add.) Mara by herself can also use vaders eye to add a destiny 

The QMC YISYW+Launching The Assault+Home One combo is popular so i drop dengar and bossk and fett and some forfeit fodder and chunk it. boom. no more celebration.

i have some ghhhks in here in case they limit my destinies and kill me.

i have this is some rescues in here to stop out of commissions which would hurt my vader combo severely. they also have a huge destiny.

I have levitation attacks and those high destiny devices to raise my power in battle and i could get them for my destiny draws(and i usually do)

i don’t have dark deal in here for a reason. all the stuff to pull it off would hurt my destiny(which is the point of this deck) and QMC is popular so i probobly couldn’t pull it off without it getting canceled.


decks like QMC generals that limit my destiny draws OWN decks like these but they aren’t popular in my area.


if you want to know any specific matchups please d-mail me.

thanx for reviewing constructive critisizm only please. -MASSACRE- '