---
author: Brian "Spick" Spicklemire
title: Watto’s Party, The Guessing Game v1.0
side: Dark
date: 2001-12-27
description: A high powered ground deck designed to hold sites and make an opponent second guess how much force he wants to use.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

 


Starting:4
No Money, No Parts, No Deal/ Your A Slave?
Tatooine: Mos Espa
Tatooine: Watto&#8217;s Junk Yard
Fear Is My Ally

Defensive Sheilds:10
Secret Plans
Weapon Of A Sith
Leave Them To Me
Fanfare
No Escape
Wipe Them Out, All Of Them
We&#8217;ll Let Fate Decide, Huh?
Resistance
A Useless Gesture 

Characters:24
Darth Maul With Lightsaber x2
Darth Maul
Lord Maul
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade, The Emperpr&#8217;s Hand
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
P-59
P-60
Destroyer Droid x2
Watto x2
Thok & Thug
Aurra Sing
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Piett
Dr. Evanzan & Ponda Baba
OWO-1 With Backup
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

Sites:4
Tatooine: Desert Landing Site
Jabba&#8217;s Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94 
Blockade Flagship: Bridge

Starships:5
Maul&#8217;s Sith Infiltrator
Avenger
Trade Federation Battleship
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Executor

Weapons:3
Aurra Sing&#8217;s Blaster Rifle
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber
Maul&#8217;s Double Bladed Lightsaber

Interrupts:13
You Are Beaten
They&#8217;re Still Coming Through!
Lana Dobreed
Force Field
No Match For A Sith
Watto&#8217;s Chance Cube
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
Rolling, Rolling, Rolling x2
Operational As Planned
Neimoidian Advisor
The Ebb Of Battle
Imperial Artillery

Effects:9
Bad Feeling Have I
Reactor Terminal
First Strike
Allegations Of Corruption
After Her!
Disarmed
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points
The Phantom Menace x2 

Strategy: 

*******
Update
Remove Allegations of Corruption and add Masterful Move and Endor Occupation to pull The Phantom Menace

I am not a big person for strategy, but this deck does use a little. First of all, I am not big in space. I have enough to stop force drains. That is all. I do not have ships in my deck to have an all out battle in space. I wanna fight on the ground with this deck. In games so far, I have been able to get good drains at tatooine, and control slightly how much force my opponent uses with the pay 2 or lose 2 part of the objective.against:
(decks common in my area only)

RST:Make sure to control the bunker, try to get Bad feeling have I out, slow em’ down. Bad feeling Have I and the Guessing part of the Objective make a killer combo as a force stopper.

WYS: I HATE WYS. Whenever faced with it, i try to put my lttle space(remember,this deck is only supposed to stop a drain or 2)to prevent kessel runs, and keep smugglers off table, and most importantly, control the cantina.

HB: This, is the deck I’m weakest against, mainly because most of my area decks that play HD are mainly space. I Try to out drain them on land, and use the guessing game to make them deploy the executor for free, and out drain them before they out drain me.

Senate:I’ve only encountered 1 senate deck so far,and I found letting them have the senate, and just taking care of tatooine did the trick. Luckily, they took longer then expected to get a senator in hand, but by then i had a large established drain going, and they were deploying half my stuff for me.

