---
layout: archive
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Never Underestimate the Power of the Force"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-13
description: ! "Hunt Down that shows your opponent the true power of the force, then it wins."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)


Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi / Their Fire has Gone out of the Universe. 


Epic Event(1)


Epic Duel


Locations(7)


Cloud City Docking Bay

Rendili

Death Star Docking Bay 

Spaceport Docking Bay 

Coruscant Docking Bay

Executor Holotheatre

Executor Meditation Chamber


Characters(18)


Emperor Palpatine x2

Lord Vader x3

Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2

Grand Admiral Thrawn 

Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle

Janus Greejatus x2

Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba

IG-88 with Riot Gun

Prince Xizor

4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Dengar with Blaster Carbine


Starships(5)


Executor

Chimera

Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Devastator


Vechicles(1)


Blizzard 2


Interrupts(15)


The Circle is Now Complete

Vader’s Obsession

Masterful Move x2

Omni Box & It’s Worse 

Weapon Levitation x2

Operational as Planned x2

Focused Attack

You are Beaten

I Have You Now

Prepared Defenses 

Holonet Transmission x2 


Effects(9) 


Visage of the Emperor x2

Search and Destroy

Mobilization Points

No Escape

There is No Try & Opppressive Enforcement

Imperial Arrest Order

First Strike

There’ll be Hell to Pay


Weapons(3)


Vader’s Lightsaber x2 

Mara’s Lightsaber 

'

Strategy: '

Start


Use Prepared Defenses to start with Imperial Arrest Order, Mobilization Points, and then choose the third effect depending on what your opponent is playing. If you expect SAC then start

TINT/OE, but otherwise start something else good. 


Starting the Game


Start by pulling a Docking bay and Rendili. Draw a few if your short on nessesary cards. Next turn pull another Docking Bay and Lay down Vader. MAke sure to get him his saber early and show your opponet the true power of the force.


Matchups


Mains(any type) Wait until you’ve tracked your destiny’s before you try to duel. WIth Luke and Ben dead their leftovers aren’t very difficult to kill off. Deal them the damage with Visage and If they come to space you can take them there also. Good matchup. 


WYS These aren’t very popular in my area, but they are still very much worth mentioning. Control their sites and if they have Luke down Track and Duel. Drain at their sites and if an oppurtunity opens up kill them in space.


EBO Kill them if Possible with your ships and. If they send Luke down duel him. Not much envoled startegy just kill them. Not much to worry about because these are dead in my area, but a few still play them.


Profit Easy win duel them to death, and take over ther sites and drain. Kill han and this game is no problem.


QMC Never palyed against one, btu just keep on Dueling and Win.


Rebel Strike Team Take the Endor system and drain. Duel luke and Obi if they come out. Beat them down at their weakest ground site and drain. Visage will kill their set up. Very tough, but if you outply your opponent you will win. 


There you Go.


Thanks for Reading and Reviewing


Any constructive reviews before this weekends tourney would be greatly appreciated.  '