---
layout: archive
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Why Ewoks Care About Hansicles v4 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-12
description: ! "Heavily-modified drains on Endor using the power of the Ewoks to protect them.  Heavy mains to quash off-Endor movements, and to maximize Or Be Destroyed damage."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 6

Endor Back Door

Endor Dense Forest

Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)

Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber

Tatooine Jabba’s Palace


CHARACTERS - 27

Chewbacca, Protector

Leia With Blaster Rifle

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

Master Luke

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber (x2)

Owen Lars & Beru Lars

Ewok Spearman (x9)

Graak

Han

Ithorian (x3)

Kazak

Lando With Vibro-Ax (x2)

Tawss Khaa

Tessek

Artoo & Threepio


WEAPON - 1

Luke’s Lightsaber


OBJECTIVE - 1

You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed


EFFECTS - 11

A Gift

Aim High

Bargaining Table

Beggar

Bo Shuda

Do, Or Do Not

Insurrection

Order To Engage

Ounee Ta

Uh-oh

Underworld Contacts


INTERRUPTS - 14

Endor Celebration

Fallen Portal (x2)

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Lost In The Wilderness

Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)

Out Of Commission (x2)

Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated

Smoke Screen

The Signal (x2) '

Strategy: '

Starting stuff

You Can Either Profit By This/OBD, Tatooine Jabba’s Palace, Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Do, Or Do Not, Insurrection, and Uh-oh


Object of deck

1st turn, pull Bo Shuda and Endor Landing Platform.  Fortify each site with an Ithorian and Spearmen.  Use Fallen Portal to aid in your defense.  With the Ithorians, Kazak, and Tessek, you’ll be able to drain for at least 4 at every Endor site and win a drain race.

Master Luke is in for thwarting MKOS and Scum decks by bouncing key aliens in battle, while Jedi Luke is usable for more general battling and for throwing to BHBM.  For either, his saber provides for more lethality.  Artoo & Threepio are perfect for A Gift-ing, can make annoying droids go away, and are beautiful forfeit fodder.  Though DOS is perfect for Ewok aid, EPP Leia is much more versatile and helps out wiping out off-Endor forces.

Bo Shuda and Order To Engage should keep the Audience Chamber clear (unless opponent wants to lose 3 per turn), and should lend a hand in being able to free Han at your leisure.  Beggar is nice for when your opponent is saving big or just to get around some untimely Barriers or whatnot. Underworld Contacts helps v. Scum decks; your AC won’t stay converted by that CC Engineer for long  Ounee Ta also provides for a snap retrieval of a key card, and makes None Shall Pass hurt a little less.

My style of play tends to include heavy drawing, and at the pace I deploy and set up, no fear of Monnok exists.  This justifies my inclusion of only 1 Kazak, Graak, and Tessek.  In play, at least one of them always shows up.  Having multiples simply forms a dependency, which is unnecessary.


Against certain archetypes

Ralltiir Ops/Imperial Occupation start Ounee Ta instead of Do, Or Do Not; this well ensures victory.  Beggar away their force for reacting and while beating them on Ralltiir, drain them to death on Endor.

Hunt Down/BHBM Set up big drains, but don’t spread too thin.  Once Vader is down, keep Obi and Luke away from him if Epic Duel is out.  Out Of Commission everything, and hope to get Vader.  If you do, then kill the Vader on table and drain away.  Vs. BHBM, give them Jedi Luke quickly.

Court/MKOS/CCT/Scum Start Aim High in place of Do, Or Do Not.  Order To Engage and Bo Shuda will lock down the AC for you; they’ll lose 3 Force every turn unless they clear out, which then allows for you to free Han.  Set up on Endor, careful to not spread thin.  Use mains to infiltrate Tatooine, striking weak points. Vs. CCT, if they start Jabba’s Prize, oh well.  Once you flip, you can forego deploying Han (you can lose him to a Force drain beforehand).

SYCFA/TIEs/Space This is a hard matchup; hard to win.  Start Aim High in place of Do, Or Do Not.  Set up fast, cancel their drains with Bargaining Table, and get in as much Profit damage as possible.  Out Of Commission everything they lose.  Watch out for DS mains used in suicide runs.

TDIGWATT Set up drain, use mains to cancel Dark Deal.

Endor Ops Them flipping their objective will be hard; your Ewoks will overpower their forces.  If they’re building the D*II, then you can set up faster not fearing as big a beatdown.

ISB Use mains to beat them off other planets, hope that they don’t drop endless Undercover spies, and deal damage with Or Be Destroyed.  Out Of Commission their ISB agents.

Black Sun Knock off Xizor, set up drains, keep an eye out for weird stuff.


If you have any questions, D-mail me or e-mail me at JediBrain@hotmail.com '