---
layout: archive
author: ! Matt "TmastamattC" Ehrhart
title: ! "Hunt Down the Highest Destinies you’ve ever seen"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-07
description: ! "it’s simple, keep vader on the table... make them lose to visage, drain for the little that you have. keep the ships for a pick and choose kind of battle."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi

Executor Holotheater

Visage Of The Emperor

Executor Meditation Chamber

Epic Duel

Prepared Defenses

Mobilization Points

Imperial Arrest Order

Crush The Rebellion


LOCATIONS (3)

Cloud City East Platform (docking Bay)

Death Star Docking Bay

Executor Docking Bay


CHARACTERS (11)

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x3

Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2

IG-88 With Riot Gun x2

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2

Prince Xizor x2


WEAPONS (1)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber


STARSHIPS (4)

Boba Fett In Slave I

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter x2


INTERRUPTS (26)

Monnok

Counter Assult

Sniper x2

I Have You Now x2

Twi’lek Advisor x2

Operational As Planned x2

Vader’s Obsession x2

The Circle Is Now Complete x3

Masterful Move x2

Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down x2

This Is Some Rescue x3

Put All Sections On Alert x4


EFFECTS (6)

No Escape 

First Strike

You Cannot Hide Forever

Visage Of The Emperor x3


DESTINY MAP OUT(starting not included)

0’s=3

1’s=16

2’s=1

3’s=3

4’s=2

5’s=7

6’s=16

7’s=3 '

Strategy: '

Alright, first things first. the first few turns you open up by dropping the docking bays. As soon as you can, drop a vader to the death star docking bay. eventually you’ll want to move him to another docking bay, him being the biggest and badest character you’ve got. Once you’ve gotten a mara or a xizor drop them to the DS D-bay, and move vader to the cloud city d-bay. For the most part you want to make this move when you have atleast a circle, or maybe a vader’s obsession. And never forget that you are able to pull a I Have You Now. You’ve got the bounty hunters for space. The destiny in the deck is unbareably high, so if they drop a obi or a luke (w/o the objective) just cirle/obsession them instantly. I’ve failed only once with this deck, and it was only cause i drew two one’s. This Is Some Rescue, this is a G@d card. It cancels Out Of Commission/Transmition Terminated. Do I need another reason to have that many in here? Didn’t think so. Put All Sections On Alert is another great card, it protects a lone Xizor or Jade at the DS D-bay. No Escape, i would never start this card unless they started throne room/farm/swamp. Otherwise i love being able to take back the top card after i deploy it... Oh need that vader they just killed? Just deploy No Escape and get back that vader or whatever else you might need (ie sniper). First Strike of course is in just about every deck, this can be the difference between you dueling with two destiny or one if they can cancel one, or them from drawing three? All if they have force and are able to play them. 

Aside from this battles are almost a definate win with the destiny you have. It’s sometimes that you hold Xizor or Mara in your hand with IG-88 for reinforcements, for those at the docking bays. The bounty hunters are able to hold their own, and there’s not another soul who can talk me out of that. 

Your biggest threat out there would have to be Hidden Base (just about any style). To battle against such a deck, you need to be smart and choose wisely your space battles. But most importantly you need to remember that the four ships are your only hope for probing. 

The next biggest threat that i can think of would have to be There Is Good In Him/Speeders. Now this isn’t the biggest threat, but you do need to realize something. If they can’t get to you, then the can’t battle you. A long story short drop vader, take luke, and go indoors. A constant drain of 3, plus them losing to visage, and maybe the key Suprise Assult. The game should be yours. You may not want to put out your own docking bays, it’s a place for them to drain and you don’t want that.

'