---
layout: archive
author: ! alex "scam4ever" klimo
title: ! "QMC with Sabacc"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-04
description: ! "this deck uses sabacc and high drains."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'objective QMC/Independent Operations


locations [6]


Bespin (s)

Bespin Cloud City

CC Platform 327

CC Casino

CC West Gallery

CC Guest Quarters (s)


Characters [21]


Obi-Wan With Lightsaber (2x)

Luke With Lightsaber (2x)

Leia With Blaster Rifle

Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol

Chewie With Blaster Rifle

Lando With Blaster Pistol

Threepio With His Parts Showing

Pucumir Thryss

Corran Horn

Lando Calrissian (2x)

Qui-Gon Jinn

Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout

Obi-Wan Kenobi

Princess Leia

Melas

Tawass Khaa

Captain Han Solo

Dash Rendar


Starships [5]


Outrider

Millenium Falcon

Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter (2x)


Weapons [3]


Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber

Anakin’s Lightsaber


Interrupts [19]


Heading For The Medical Frigate (s)

Rebel Barrier (2x)

Fallen Portal (2x)

Local Defense (2x)

A Jedi’s Resilence (3x)

Cloud City Sabacc (5x)

Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency

Droid Shutdown

Shocking Information & Grimtaash

Shocking Information


Effects [6]


Scrambled Transmission (s)

Keeping The Empire Out Forever (s)

Squadron Assignments (s)

Cloud City Celebration

Hopping Mad

Secure Route '

Strategy: '

Strategy


First turns deploy some Characters to Cloud city. Battle the Opponent

with Luke and Obi. Once if you control 2 battlegrounds, and you have

strong ships in hand deploy them to Bespin, flip your objective.

Search with KTEOF for 3PO. deploy hopping mad to him and then search for

droid shutdown. if you are able to track a 5 (with Shocking Information)

and a 6 (droid shutdown - just use Three PO’s game text) then you should

be able to play a perfect sabacc. Just track the 11 and then play sabacc.

that’s a simple way to track the 11. You can use Lift Tubes as well, but

I think my way of tracking is better. Once you tracked a 11 it’s 

pretty easy to have every second turn a perfect sabacc.

In the mid-game deploy Secure Route to the docking bay and drain opponent

for 4 or 5 at the adjacent sites (with pucumir and lightsabers)

try to don’t lose the docking bay, fallen portal is very useful.

This deck is easy to play and you shouldn’t have any problems to play 

with. Thats why I now stop with the strategy sector. if you know any ways

to better this deck then post it 

thx for reading

'