---
layout: archive
author: ! Neal "Dredlox" Razi
title: ! "Dredlox’s Scum Killer"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-20
description: ! "Going to the Vegas DPC?  Want to take out MKOS?  Check out Scum Killer."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)

-----------------------------

Dagobah Yoda’s Hut 

Home One War Room 

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber 

Rendezvous Point 

Tatooine Cantina 

Tatooine Jabba’s Palace 

Tatooine Mos Eisley 

Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut 


Characters (17)

------------------------------

Ben Kenobi  x2

Captain Han Solo 

Chewbacca, Protector 

Corran Horn 

Figrin D’an 

Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 

Harc Seff 

Lando With Vibro-Ax 

Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x3

Melas 

Orrimaarko 


Starships (2)

-----------------------------

Millennium Falcon  x2


Interrupts (23)

-----------------------------

Alter  x2

Blaster Deflection 

Careful Planning 

Clash Of Sabers 

Control & Tunnel Vision  x2

Courage Of A Skywalker 

Effective Repairs 

Gift Of The Mentor 

Jedi Presence 

Nabrun Leids  x2

Run Luke, Run 

Sense  x5

Swing-And-A-Miss 

The Signal  x2

Weapon Levitation 


Effects (8)

------------------------------

Aim High 

Goo Nee Tay 

Honor of the Jedi

Mantellian Savrip or Bacta Tank (you pick)

Order To Engage 

Ounee Ta 

Underworld Contacts 

What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us? 

Your Insight Serves You Well


Weapons (2)

------------------------------ 

Luke’s Lightsaber 

Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber 

'

Strategy: '

***added 4-20 Whoa, sorry, I forgot Honor of the Jedi.  It is crucial for sac, thanks Matt Sokol.  It is of course in the deck, I forgot I had dumped 1 Ben when the Control/TV’s came out.  2 Ben’s seem to be no problem as he usually sticks around, and the TV’s get to him quickly.


This is my scum killer deck I’ve been playing since JPSD came out.  It’s an interesting deck because it’s so Old Skool that many current meta strategies are not effective against it.  It has no system so things like admiral’s orders aren’t effective.  It has no docking bays so frequently the opponent gets stranded.  It’s got a fair amount of SAC.  What it’s got is lots of beats.  And it’s never lost to any scum deck, be it court, MKOS or scum 2k and against some very good players.  It’s got its flaws but it matches up well against popular meta decks.  If you’re looking for something to beat MKOS, take a peek.


Let’s look at some strategy first.  Most of the time, you’re going to start careful planning.  If it’s MKOS or court, convert their starting location.  This will choke them off early, and frequently keep scum from ever even hitting the table when they start TatJP.  For most other starts, Mos Eisley is the way to go, letting you get to your shuffle quickly.  From there on, it’s standard mains and toys.  Get your guys out.  Nabrun them around.  Sense and Alter what gives you trouble.  Beat the crap out of guys.  Follow them around with Order to Engage. 


***ADDED 4-21.   Let me claify for some newer players how to play this.  You generally DO NOT split up your ground charcters.  You generally have them all in one location, MAYBE two.  You use nabrun to attack or to make them lose to Order to Engage.  If they foolishly battle you, they die, it’s that simple generally.  LS mains together are crazy.  To drain, you use nabrun and the Cantina shuffle.  I guess this is an older style of play, but it is very effective.  Also, this may seem weird, but once you have a sense you DRAW UP A HUGE HAND.  Monsterous.  This is how you get to all your interrupts, and this was how it was done before today’s reserve deck manipulation.  This has only changed now with the onset of these Crushed Monnoks.  


Let’s move on to some deck types.


MKOS - Big Advantage.  Convert their location.  Start getting guys and locations down.  Nabrun when ready and sense what’s needed.  Use Underworld Contacts to keep your sites on top (and keep opponent from cancelling drains with rep) and Aim High to stop retrieval.  Those puny aliens can not handle Old Skool mains with SAC.  Use your Audience Chamber to easily cancel Scum, if it ever hits the table.


Court - See above.  Kick their butt, make them lose to own objective.


TIES - Big Advantage.  Start Mos Eisley.  Aim high limits retrievel.  Watch The Falcon backed up by sac and Savrip (or Bacta Tank) destroy their entire space fleet.  Order to Engage the remnants.  Just sense the all power to weapons and try to grab too.  Capt Han with Corran Horn (add leia as passenger) is invincible.  With Capt Han’s redraw ability (always save the 2 force) you’ll never be shot down, and you’ll start wrecking them.  Underworld Contact keeps dark waters and Dread Starfleet from doing anything, Corran Horn can catch the spies.  You can also usually Shuffle away from Spies.  Need more spy protection?  Add r-3p0.


ROPS. - Advantage.  Start Ounee ta.  Start Deploying and nabrun Ben over ASAP.  Order to engage them.  Harc Seff is really large here.


Hunt Down - Disadvantage.  Start Goo-Nee-Tay.  Your big advantage is you are starting a lot less cards.  The more you can make them lose to Visage the better.  That is your objective.  Make them lose to visage.  If you need to a Nabrun (in RESPONSE to goofball Steven Turner this means Nabrun to exec docking bay and move to Holotheatre) or Corran or Lando can cancel Visage though and Honor can keep it off your back for a couple turns usually.  Keep your guys together at all costs, and get to your duel defense.  If you can get enough guys down, you’ll be ok.  Sac will occasionally prove useful as well.  But Hunt Down is tough to battle, tough to sac against, can duel you and it’s going to occupy your battlegrounds quick.


BHBM - Even, slight advantage.  You’ll be able to match their sac and they’ll have to dig out a non-unique docking bay to get over.  Frequently, you can apply a Ounee Ta beatdown on the docking bay.  DO NOT deploy luke until Vader comes down.  Put him far away.  When vader comes over to grab, beat the crap out of him, hopefully with multiple destinies.  It’s a good game, though.


Black Sun - Even (depends on use of Crush).  You can outdrain them.  Let them have their docking bays, you’ll take tatooine.  If they burn off their docking bay early off Tatooine, they are messed up.  Stay away from DS Docking bay  You’re sac should keep you alive in this one.  You MUST beware of Crushed-Monnoks  Capt Han with Savrip will have a good shot at dominating any battleground system.  To Clarify in response to a review by Deck.  If you lose your senses, you’re screwed.  Keep your senses, they can’t touch you.  Blaster Deflection helps keep luke on the table.


**added 4-20 ISB - ISB isn’t big in tampa, but I have played against a few, and they were severe advantages for me.  Standard play Nabrun mains, make them lose to Order to Engage.  Aim high makes them pay for retrieval.  Underworld contacts ruins their -1 drains.  Sense and Alter are frequently VERY effective against these decks, esp ORS decks.


How about individual cards?


Underworld contacts - Most underrated 1-0 location in game.  It’s a 1-0 location that deploys with the signal that you can’t be drained at that has a good destiny  Converts Dark locations (very important against SCUM decks).  Prevents counter assaults, ISB -1’s, ROPS -1, Controls, MKOS rep block, Dark Waters, Dreaded StarFleet block, etc.  This card is huge, I mean huge


Blaster Deflection, Swing and a Miss - good duel defense (better than glancing) and keep your Jedi on table.  I use them every game, probably twice a game.  Don’t know how many times I’ve stopped 4-lom from cancelling Ben Kenobi.  Or stopped Vader from hitting someone because of S&M.  

in RESPONSE to Steven Turner’s review, do NOT take out Blaster Deflection for another Weapon lev.  Weapon lev frequently only works on lesser skilled players like him, really good players will play a lot of Permanent Weapon charcaters such as ig-88 or 4-lom or EPP vader.  Plus it’s used.


Courage+Jedi Presence - Game winning beats.  I like ’em better than Destiny Adders, cause these destinies aren’t too hot.  Try on a power 12 chewie or Power 28 luke for size.


Effective Repairs - Invaluable.  If you screw up and lose your number protection or any great effect get it back.  Stops things like Master Move.  How?  Grab the move then effective repairs back for the Savrip (or SHUOD and Bacta Tank).  Thanks to TJ for this one.


SAC - Combo card Oppresive/No Try does nothing.  Those cards are always on the table against me anyway in Tampa.  Use Honor to limit your force loss.  Sense what you need to, namely things like destiny adders, hidden weapons, all power to weapons, Those Rebels won’t escape.  You’ll see an opponent’s @#$% eating grin turn upside down when the Super Falcon goes up against Chimera and Thrawn and you sense the guys Imperial Command, and Capt Han makes him redraw his one good destiny.  Mark my words.  If the guy doesn’t play sac protection, like so many chumps (even good player chumps do) they are WRECKED  I fear only one thing - A crushed Monnok.


Ounee Ta - very useful against ROPS, Non-unique docking bays.  Also great for getting an important card back.


Figrin - One of my personal faves.  This guy retrives force, tracks yours and opponents cards, and late game can take out destiny draws.  He’s D’an the Man  He’s dumpable, I guess, but I love him.


*** added 4-21 - Capt Han - Ok, got to comment on possibly the best LS character for those that don’t know him.  He lets you redraw ANY destiny during a battle.  Could be a weapon destiny, could be a battle destiny, could even be an opponent’s sense.  So Capt Han combined with Corran and a redraw?  No way, Falcon ain’t going down.  SECRET TECH So here’s the mad tech for you guys, just since I love cappy so much.  Dark Side plays Flawless Marksmanship, say to add 4.  This creates an Automatic Modifier to the the drawn Destiny.  Example  The DS weapon destiny is a 4.  Modifier adds four to this destiny, making a destiny of 8.  When Capt forces the redraw, he’s redrawing the 8.  The modifier DOES NOT apply to the next weapon destiny  Straight from the ruling experts.  Cool, eh?


Well I hope that helps.  It’s a unique deck in today’s environment, and it’s the way SWCCG was meant to play.  Props have to go to the Old Skooler himself, Matt Lush for giving me the Template for this, and helping me.  He’s the true master of Tatooine Mains.  Hope you enjoy, and this gives you some new ideas or for newer players a chance to look at Old Skool.

'