---
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: Rough Sanctuary
side: Light
date: 2001-03-19
description: Just a thought I’ve been kicking around, let me know what you think!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (8)
Watch Your Step
Tatooine
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Cantina
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Squadron Assignments

Locations: (9)
Kessel
Spaceport Docking Bay
Asteroid Field x5
Big One x2

Characters: (16)
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x3
Wedge Antilles
Luke Skywalker
Jedi Knight Luke
Captain Han Solo
ECC Lando
EPP Han
Dash Rendar
Leebo
Mirax
Talon
Chewie w/ Gun
Protector Chewie
Melas

Starships: (6)
Red Squadron 1
Millennium Falcon
Artoo In Red 5
Pulsar Skate
Outrider
YT-3000 Freighter

Interrupts: (12)
OOC/TT x2
The Signal x2
Fallen Portal
Rebel Barrier
Control/Tunnel Vision x3
A Few Maneuvers x2
Closer?! x2

Effects: (7)
Legendary Starfighter
Bacta Tank
Menace Fades
Tatooine Celebration
Asteroid Sanctuary
Rycar’s Run
Kessel Run

Orders: (1)
I’ll Take The Leader 

Strategy: 

This deck is pretty much blatently straightforward, on paper.  Its made to play more as a ’rouge’ WYS deck, more to keep the field fresh and the dark side on its toes.  It causes heavy havoc with HEAVY potiential for direct damage with a little retrieval splashed in on the side, and a few drains to go along with all of that.

Go to get Kessel in hand early, grap the spaceport db too, two less 0’s to worry about (7 more to go, huh?).  Get any asteroids you can early, hang onto them if you can, but if you fear Monnok go ahead and drop them.  Don’t give up the Kessel icons too early, just let it remain in your hand until you can get over to it and make use of the drain. Try to complete a Rycar’s and Kessel Run as early as you can, that way its out of the way and doesn’t have to be bothered with again, plus the little you can possibly retrieve may only be helpful in the beginning.  Kessel Run is almost a gag, but it has potiential if he drops a system with Mob. Points (which frequently happens), so you go from 1 parsec jump to about 5... which is easy to accomplish still, make his deck work for you too, otherwise just get the 1.  Set up Asteroid Sanctuary if you can, get that going early too, the more loss the earlier the more pressure you put on him.

The main reason, naturally, for the Runs is Leebo, who can punish your opponent massively in conjunction with Sanctuary (up to 6 per your control phase, 7 or 8 if you can play Legendary Starfighter too, plus drains).  Play smart and there shouldn’t be too much to worry about.  

Closer?! speeds up the Rycar’s Run, as well as can get some running distance if you need it into the asteroids, and it is free movement too, thanks to all the smugglers.  Also a recyclable destiny 6 used.

Jedi Knight is for Hunt Down and BHBM, I tend to find him more useful in a general sense than rebel scout, but that is just my preference, use whatever makes you happy.

A Few Maneuvers is for when your opponent either shoots at your ships, draws an unusually high asteroid destiny, or plays a system with parsec of 1 or 0 (Coruscant as in AOBS/ISB) and you want to get some force back with a larger than normal Kessel Run.  Another used 6.

I’ll Take The Leader is too useful to just overlook in the deck, though it has no relation to the direct damage idea.  It does boost docking bay drains and adds more immunity (not to mention knocking power away).

This deck isn’t typical WYS high destiny, sorry, any deck that plays asteroids takes a huge destiny hit, just deal with it.  Once you get the Sanctuary and all set up, your opponent’ll have his work cut out for him, especially if you run into the stroids (as my ships will typically last longer against the draws than his).

Play your game, and put loads of pressure on and make him crack, that’s the goal, lol.  Either that or just run him into the ground with damage and drains.  Suggestions and comments would be well appreciated, as this deck is still half in the developmental stages, lol.  Thanks, and keep the decks coming! 