---
author: Scott "FurBrain" Nickerson
title: Too Many 6’s
side: Light
date: 2001-07-14
description: Good destiny, retrieval, and what not.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:11
RTP
Podrace Prep
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin’s Podracer
Strike Planning
Podrace Arena
Prisoner 2187
DS: Deten. Block Corridor
DS: Docking Bay
Y4: Docking Bay
Y4: Massassi War Room

Starships:4
Red Leader in Red I 
Masanya
Tantive IV
Spiral

Vehicles:2
Lift Tube x2

Weapons:1
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber

Devices:1
Electrobinocs

Locations:3
Coruscant
Tat. Docking Bay
Tat. City Outskirts

Interrupts:18
Narrow Escape x2
Lift Tube Escape x2
Dont Get @#$%y x2
Life Debt x2
On The Edge x2
Losing Track x4
A Jedi’s Resilience x3
End Of A Reign

Effects:5
Death Star Plans x3
Mantellian Savrip
Traffic Control

Characters:15
Qui-Gon Jinn
Obi-Wan, Padawan Learner x2
Luke w/Stick
General Crix Madine
Corporal Beezer
Padme x2
Chewbacca Protector
Chewie w/Blaster Rifle
Han w/Blaster Pistol
General Solo
8d8 x3



Strategy: 

It’s pretty simple.  First turn, pull Madine with Strike Planning and save your force.  Second turn, deploy Madine to the War Room and use him to get Beezer, her for the Electrobinocs.  Now your set, you can use the binocs to set up all of your destinies, especially for On The Edge.  Once Padme is out, so are Obi and Qui-Gon.  Get the Outskirts out and here comes Luke.  Space is semi weak, but Coruscant is a good drain.  I always put Tantive and Masanya down together, the leave Spiral to react.  it works well.  Losing Track and A Jedi’s Resilience are in the deck mainly for destiny, but they have their uses too.  Hope you like it.

