---
author: Richard "Galahad" Hammond
title: Tusken Raiders Hate Podracing
side: Dark
date: 2001-10-15
description: Use Raiders to shoot Anakin down and also with Maul to drain.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
My Kind of Scum
Locations (6)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
JP Audience Cham.
JP Lower Pass.
JP Rancor Pit
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Tatooine Desert Heart
Podracers (1)
Sebulba’s Pod
Epic Evenet (1)
Boonta Eve Podrace
Effects (7)
Watto’s Box
Den of Thieves 
No Escape
Oppressive Enforcement
Search and Destroy
Resistance
Well Guarded
Ships (3)
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Fett in Slave One
Weapons (2)
Maul’s saber
Creatures (1)
Rancor
Characters (20)
Jabba the Hutt
Prince Xizor
Guri
Gailid
Darth Maul (Tat.) 2
Arica
Ur’rr’ur’ur (or whatever)
Dengar with gun
4-Lom with gun
IG-88 with gun
Jodo Kast
Aurra Sing
Tusken Raiders (Cor.) 7
Interrupts (18)
Start Your Engines!
Podracer Collision 3
Hit Racer
We Must Accelerate Our Plans
Twilek Advisor
Wounded Wookie/Abyssin Orn. 2
Abyssin Orn. 2
Trap Door
None Shall Pass
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move
Ghhhk
Maul Strikes
They’re Still Coming Through! 

Strategy: 

Start podrace stuff with Watto’s Box. Try to get a Raider to the Arena with Abyssin Ornament by your second turn to start shooting race destinies. Use Jabba and Maul with other aliens to drain at JP sites along with Gailid. If they do try to enter the Audience Cham. even with a spy just throw them to the Rancor. The majority of force loss against them will be Watto’s Box though so make sure you win. Resistance cuts down on big drains with all the characters. Stay in the palace if you can maybe using Maul to hit other sites along with Arica to block drains. Maybe throw in an Oota Goota Solo? for Hit Racer or throw in an Elis if Nabrun or mobility presents a problem but try to stay at the palace with Gailid and the Rancor while the Raiders help you win the race! 
     Thanks for the reviews! Sorry no spaces but this is my first deck submission. Take out one Raider and Aurra Sing to add in Bib and a Presence for the Audience Chamber. Maul can drain at the Chamber also.
     Take out one Abyssin Orn. and Hit Racer for another Trap Door and another They’re Still Coming Through (which will take care of Fallen Portal.
     Thanks again!     