---
layout: archive
author: ! Scot "The Ithorian" Vales
title: ! "Newbie Training Part 2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-24
description: ! "This is the Dark Side 30 card space training deck.  It goes hand-in-hand with the other traing decks."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Yavin 4



Locations

Tatooine

Eraidu



Characters

Admiral Motti

Chief Bast

Captain Needa

Dr. Evazan

DS-61-3

Grand Moff Tarkin

Imperial Pilot

R1-G4



Starships

Black 3

Avenger

Imperial Star Destroyer

TIE Advanced x1

TIE Fighter (x3)



Devices

Deflector Shield Generator



Weapons

Boosted TIE Cannon

Ion Cannon

Turbolaser Battery



Interupts

Alter

Dark Collaboration

I’ve Got A Problem Here

Kintan Strider

Sense

Gravity Shadow



Effects

Baniss Keeg


'

Strategy: '

THIS IS NOT INTENDED AS A TOURNAMENT DECK 


This is a second part to my previous training deck which focused on the basic rules, phases of the game, basic strategy, and Force circulation. 

Not for a tourny, this deck should be built in order to teach a new player how to play SWCCG. 


If you have not looked at the other training decks for both sides of the Force, I reccomend that you do so before reading this. 


The rules that are in this deck that are not in my previous one are hyperspace travel, the difference between capital ships and starfighters, Sense/Alter, and pilots. 


I chose these personas and ships WITHOUT Squadron Assignments so as to look familiar to the new player and teach the game without having to bother with the term "matching pilot". (I feel that worrying about who should be in which ship will over-complicate a player&#8217;s second game.) After all I want them to see their favorite characters without overwhelming them. 


Some quick notes on use 

The use of starship weapons is very important to include because of the difference when you fire at both starfighters and capital ships.  The Ion Cannon was an easy choice because it compliments the Light Side deck and would show how important defense value and hyperdrive is.

I deleted sectors for the time being because cloud, asteriod, or DSII rules might be a bit much -- I just want the basics. 

One change you might consider is trading Needa/Avenger for Praji/Devastator but both work well.

Although Sense/Alter are in this deck because they are such influential cards in the metagame, these training decks do not really go into the Sense/Alter war.

Starting with Yavin 4 is important so that hyperdrive is a choice while Eraidu causes hyperdrive not to be a choice.  (For those without an Eraidu, it can be traded for Coruscant very easily.)


After trying an open hand game with this AND the first 30 card deck, put them together. Play a closed game with both decks in a 60 card deck. Go over landing starfighters and shuttling. 


I found that after teaching with these decks, I started to reconsider some of the cards that I play with.  Gravity Shadow is good  Kintan Strider is better


With this information, a new player will be ready for their first SWCCG experience and deck building. Mind you, this is not the complete rules. There is more to learn. That&#8217;s where regular play comes in... 


I welcome comments and would like to hear suggestions.


The Ithorian 

Scot Vales 


'