---
author: R. "Voice of Law" Smith
title: The Scrub Beater, Light Side
side: Light
date: 2001-07-17
description: hidden mains deck i used to go 2-0 against a couple of kids.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

usual start (7)
Hidden Base/Slip Fingers
Rendezvous Point
Corellia
Heading for the Mother @#$%er
Insurrection
Staging Ureas
Yer Insight Serves you Well

Locales (5)
Corulag
Dagobah
Yoda’s
Cloud City Dockbay
Homo One Dockbay

Guys (14)
Jedi Luke 3
EPP Obi 3
Qui 2
Capn Han 2
EPP Leia 2
Lando Wax
Corran

Sabers (2)
Luke’s
Qui’s

Boats (3)
Falco x2
Spiral

Racers (1)
Ani’s

Ints (21)
On Edge 2
Off Edge 2
Weapon Lev 2
Signal
Barrier
Fallen Portal
A Jedi’s Resilience
I Know
Too Close For Comfort 2
OOC TT 2
Bith Reach 2
Fall of the Legend 2
Blow Me Another Time (TMAC) 2

Effects (7, asterisk indicates possible starting)
Dont Do That Again*
Grabber (pull with DDTA, duh)
Battle Plan*
Honor
Get High (err Aim High)
Order To Be Gay
Menace Fades 

Strategy: 

this is like a rehash of the deck everyone was playing 6 months ago, now it’s more fun because of qui-gon.

also you should fit ounee ta in there, i almost lost to a ralops deck

in any case if you dont know how hidden mains works you should be ashamed of yourself, basically you dont flip but you use the objective’s text to pull systems for force gen. then you get your guys out and battle and drain and win. and you use on/off edge with tracked destiny to retrieve everything.

nothing spectacular

i played this deck at a local just for fun, sure i could have played some BROKEN rst racing or wys crap but im so sick of that junk, this deck represents what i like about swccg, without being a pos deck either

my character selection i think is perfect, keeps the destiny high. of course lsjk is a 6 and corran is a 3 so thats only 10 chars with low destiny. home one gets lsjk down cheap, qui is a monster and worth every last one of the 8 force. epp obi does hit and runs.

why weapon lev x2? i LOVE this card, gets your sticks, saves you from mara, or just recycles a 4 as long as you have a used pile (which you can make with any other recycling interrupt)

too close x2? yeahhh buddy, this deck does a little force choke and this can save your guys.

staging areas and OTE? what about fanfare? @#$% fanfare, nobody plays that @#$% card anyway. and you can always do without staging or OTE

everything else is self-explanatory

against:

dark deal
you start battle plan, get the falco and @#$% together so you can take over the system if need be. you will be activating force out the wazoo. if it is speed deal they will lose to battle plan and eventually the kiss a wookiees and uncertains will run out.

hunt down racing
you can put ani out but youre not going to win the race, just resign yourself to that fact and get your edges ready to retrieve the damage. start insight of course and dont lose it until you are POSITIVE they arent playing odds, then toss it to get aim high. in fact between that and the signal there is no reason you shouldnt be able to get aim high out before race ends. if they are playing inserts of course keep insight out. after race ends, get qui out to drain/keep hunt down flipped, run lsjk around, use obi for strikes and keep the resilience ready. try also to get your spies on the ex and the falcon at corulag to enforce battle plan. especially against the odds version with only three characters (vader, palpy, and tech mor), if you get a spy to the theater early they cant put palpatine there and they will have to throw vader at corran (barrier). force choke a bit as well.

brangus
is a scrub
go kill him
drain on the death star
win
honestly - you will lose the race again, thats ok, ani is only there so they cant sit and wait to win the race. start dont do that @#$% again and pull your grabber for pasoa, pretty simple stuff.

walker garrison
is your toughest matchup
must enforce battle plan and especially menace fades
direct damage will be a @#$% but between honor and edge retrieval you should outlast, and qui and luke draining will add up, considering they will have NO retrieval

maul’s landing site/jabba’s palace/mkos/or any other platform mains
time for some action like redman
get your guys out and fight
should be a good game and you should win. qui at jabba’s palace with saber and a portal in hand is WRECKER. use honor to negate the drain at the landing site. maul is a @#$% and dies easy. maybe out of commission vader like i did in both my light games at that tourney.


anyway this deck is not broken like the best light decks are but its alright and kinda fun to play too. 