---
layout: archive
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "MKOS     mmmm  tasty"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-01
description: ! "all that and an average destiny over 3...  what fun"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)
MKOS(Myo)
Well Gaurded
Power Of The Hutt
First Strike(varries)
No Bargin(varries)
Tat Desert Heat
Tat JP(varries)
Prepared Defenses

Locations(4)
JP Lower Passages
JP Audience Chamber
JP Rancor Pit
Jabba’s Sail Barge P Deck

Characters(31)
Jabba the Hutt(shiny)
Mighty Jabba
Bib Fortuna
Boleo
Dr. Evazan
Ree Yees
Amanaman
Danik Jerriko
Dengar w/ Balster
Boba Fett w/ Blaster
Bane Malar
Kithaba (awesome)
Pote Snitkin
Klaatu
Ephant Mon
Niado Duegad (mmm..  powerful)
Salatious Crumb(shiny cool guy)
Galid
Mercanary Pilot
Myo x3
Abbysin x9

Vehicles (2)
Jabba’s Sail Barge
Skiff

Creature(1)
Rancor

Effects(5)
Den Of Thieves
Scum And Villany
No Escape
Hutt Influence
Resistance

Interupts(9)
Twe’lik Advisor x2
Trap Door x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
None Shall Pass x2
Point Man '

Strategy: '

All ground, obviously... but enough power to hold the ground.  All the 0 destiny cards(and most of the 1 destiny cards for that matter) are able to be pulled out of the deck within the first few turns.  There is only one lost interupt(all destiny 5) and most of the destinies are 3’s, allowing the weapons to hit all ability 3 characters with ease.
  Mighty Jabba + Bib Fortuna + Boba Fett = 3 destinies, usually amounting to 15(since each is +2) or higher.

Basic strategy is to hold court and let them come to you since Hutt Influence allows you to ignore any text that would slow or cancel your force drains.  Hutt Smooch any spies, then take those captives to see the Rancor.  That’ll teach ’em.  Strategy is the same vs any deck type that I can think of, you can even let the one-eyed monsters go off Tat to fight while Myo is at the AC.  If you feel like you can take out enough of thier forces to only cost you three cards, then any battle is worth fighting as you will retrieve three just for initiating, and they lose one for it too.  Just don’t leave a solo myoling out to dry.  Later in the game, deploy as many Abyssins as you can (especailly if your opponent has no cards in hand) then retrieve 6-9 with the ornament.  '