---
layout: archive
author: ! Patrick "Wittens Hand" Dennis
title: ! "Baron’s Rage"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-23
description: ! "This deck is designed to help Baron Fel destroy the rebels.Use with care a few changes can be made to accomadate."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 5

Kessel

Preapared Defenses

Something special planned for them

Combat response

Mobilization points


Effects 4

1 Mobilization points

1 Combat response

1 Inconsequential Losses

1 Something Special planned for them


Locations 5

1 Kessel

1 Fondor

1 Kuat

1 Rendilli

1 star destroyerdocking bay


Interrupts 6

1 They’re comming in too fast

3 Dark Manuevers

2 All Power to weapons


Starships 13

1 Saber 1

1 Saber 2

1 Saber 3

1 Saber 4

1 Scimiter 1

1 Scimiter 2

1 Scythe 3

1 Dreadnought

1 Accuser

1 Executer

1 Dominator

2 Tie interceptors

4 Victory class star destryoers


Charachters 10

1 Baron Soontir Fel

1 Major Tur Fennir

1 DS-181-3

1 DS-181-4

1 Major Rhymer

1 Captain Jonus

1 Admiral Piett

1 Admiral Ozzel

1 Leuntenant Helbsy

1 Captain Godherdt


Weapons 13

3 Heavy Turbolaser Battery

3 SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons

4 Concussion Missiles

3 Intruder Missiles


Admirals Orders 1

1 Fighters Comming in


'

Strategy: '

Ok this deack works pretty straight forward.


Without Set your course for alderaan this deck is diminished little,but this barrier is overcome by saving the force by deploying to kessel.


Hopefully you get the following in your hand

DS-181-4

or

Saber 4

and any capital ship with the exception of the Executer.


Deploy to kessel and build up, If your opponent has a been giving problems try to get the baron there using DS-181-4.

The problem is that if you cant get fighters comming in out fast you can lose some important pieces hence the All power to weapons.

You can trade the Victory class star destroyers for more Dreadnoughts as they help this deck.

WHATEVER YOU DO DONT SPLIT UP SABER SQUADRON these are your attack dogs if you split them up make sure you can get them back together when needed.

Baron should help with two destinies with his squad for 21 power + those two destinies. Most people will try to run away from you when you get out the squadron try to limit thier options.

Drop fondor when yur ready to deploy executer if your worried about the opponent using the falcon to clean it out stopping the executer. Generates force pretty well for only having five locations.

Use Mobilization points to pull a location if you need one otherwise use it for the executer. Combat response is key as if you use a pilot to a ship you lost you can search the deck to see how your doing draw wise.


Use Allpower to weapons to try and stop any capital ships like homeone that get in your way. Weapon heavy for inconsequential losses which can save saber squadron in a bind. 


Fighters commin in stops your opponents tries at lando in falcon or any other Enhanced ships hence why there are no bounty hunters in ships.


Basically i know the deck can be better if you add these

2 All power to weapons

3 Dreadnoughts


thats pretty much it. Battle your opponent to death and save the all power for the big guys or if you think it can add massive damage.

The tie interceptors are in there to support the baron adding three to his battle destiny draws. Let me know what you think '