---
layout: archive
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! "Techish Type II Senate"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-28
description: ! "Mess with your opponent."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)

Plead My Case/Sanity


Locations(6)

CSenate Chamber (S)

CJedi Council Chamber (S)

TPodrace Arena (S)

TWatto’s Junkyard

Naboo

Malastare


Characters(21)

Senator Palpatine x2

Tendau x2

Horaxx Ryyder x2

Valurum

Mass Amedda

Queen Amidala x2

Liana x2

Ric Olie x2

Captain Makdor x2

Lt. Williams 

Phylo Glandish

QUi-Gonn Jin x2

Yoda, SCM


Effects(4)

Security Control (S)

P.E. that cancels drain

P.E. that subtracts 3 from destiny

Thrown Back


Weapons(1)

Qui-Gon’s Saber


Interrupts(21)

Podrace Prep (S)

Might of Reb. x2

Baseless Acc. 

Stay Here

New Leadership

A Step Back x3

Too Close x2

Alter x7

Reveal Ourselves

We Wish to Board x2


Starships(3)

Queen’s Ship x2

Radiant 7 


Podracer(1)

Anakin’s Pod


Epic Events(2)

Boonte Eve Race

I Did It '

Strategy: '

This deck is just meant to counter the major Ep1 strategies. Basically what you want to do is control the senate, then win the podrace. From there, set up at Malastare and Naboo for good steady drains, using Political Effects and Qui-Gonn to screw with your opponent’s ground forces. That’s how it should work. 


Card Choices


7 Alters but no senses?

Drawing a 4 for destiny of Podrace is much better than drawing a 3, and I can use them to cancel my opponent’s senses, and get rid of their Political Effects.


No Padawan Obi but 2 Qui-Gonns?

I would do it the other way around because of all the anti-Jedi stuff, but Obi doesn’t have a saber yet. So, Qui-Gonn it is. If I had them, I would use Enhance Qui-Gonn, but I don’t own any.


Watto’s Junkyard?

The Senate Obj. says that you may start with ANY Ep1 site, so if you see the Watto Objective, start with your Junkyard and conevert theirs for a early game advantage.


Senator Choices?

All the senators I use 2 of have a Peace agenda, for the quick-flip. I only use 1 Valurem because he sucks against Keder, and Amedda can’t be put on a Politcal Effect.


Start with Sec. Control but no DB?

Don’t need them, I have battlegrounds in the deck if I need them, and I have plenty of activation.


No Naboo Fighters?

No room for them, plain and simple. So I went with power ships instead. (Nearly invincable in this format).


Well, that’s it, I don’t think you need to know anything more to play this deck, you’re a good player, you get the idea. 


Later,

Keith "Gen" Watabayashi '