---
layout: archive
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "Phillip’s MKOS"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-15
description: ! "This deck is undefeated in tournament play.  Really gets under the opponents skin with its uncancelable of the top of the reserve deck drains."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives1
MKOS/FAI

Characters24
Jabba the Hutt x2
Arica
Boba Fett w/gun
Dengar w/gun
IG-88 w/gun
Dr. Evazan& Ponda Baba
Snoova
Bib Fortuna
Myo x3 (Rep)
Abyssin x10
Gailid x2
Mosep

Starships4
Zuckuss in ship
Bossk in Ship
Dengar in ship
IG-88 in ship

Weapons2
Maras Stick
Vibro-Axe

Effects11
Scum and Villainy
Power of the Hutt (start)
YCHF (start against non-SAC decks)
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcment (start against SAC decks)
First Strike (start)
Reactor Terminal
No Bargain
Well Guarded (start)
Hutt Influence
Den of Thieves

Interrupts13
Ghhhk x2
None Shall Pass x2
Projective Telepathy x2
Abyssin Ornament x3
Twilek Advisor x3
Prepared Defences (start)

Locations5
Tat Desert Heart (start)
Tat Jabbas Palace (start)
JP Audience Chamber
JP Lower Passages
JP Entrance Cavern
'

Strategy: '

I have played this deck and it whips serious buttocks.  Now, here’s the strat.  First turn, go
get Hutt Influence and Audience Chamber using Power of Hutt and Tat JP.  If you have
any Twi’lek Advisors, this is the order you will find your effects S & V, Den of Thieves,
No Bargain, Reactor Teminal.   Don’t use the AC’s game-text until your second or third
turn, so that you don’t search for a Jabba and then draw one.  You don’t want to flip until
you have at least one of the "enforcers", Snoova, Boba Fett, Arica in your hand.  Ideally,
after three or four turns, your set-up should look like this  Tat DH, nobody, Tat JP, one
Enforcer and an Abyssin, JP EC, Bib and one Abyssin, JP AC, Jabba, Gailid, Mosep,
Myo, JP LP, Dr. Evazan/Ponda Baba and one Abyssin. Don’t deploy Iggy or Dengar until
you are sure you won’t need them in space.  Keep to your own ground, except in space,
and only deploy Enforcers when they try to battle you in Jabba’s Palace.  Your drains will
be uncancelable (Hutt Influence) and at the AC, Lower Passages and Entrance Cavern,
you will be draining them for five off the top of their reserve deck and they cannot cancel
it.  Ha Ha  Every time you initiate battle you retrieve 3 force and they lose one.  If they
overpower you, cancel it with a Projective Telepathy or, if you are using an Abyssin to
fight, regenerate him and Ghhhk away the damage.  By your sixth turn you will have
canceled quite a few drains with your seemingly endless stock of Abyssins in your Den of
Thieves.  Deploy all of them+ one or two enforcers to a sight where the opponent is weak
and the resulting battle damage is astronomical.  I can’t really explain anymore about this
deck.  You just have to play it.  Enjoy
'