---
layout: archive
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! "Railter redone"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-26
description: ! "Will all know that dark side got a disadvange so any help would help"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting


Railter opts

boonta eve podracer

IAO

Railter

Arena

start your engines

sebulla’s racer machine


locations


spaceport city

forest

docking bay

desert


Vechiles/ships


speeder bike x 6

bossk in hound

zuckuss in his cripp

ig-88 in 2000


weapons

vaders stick

speeder bike canon

mara jade stick


characters


biker scout trooper x 5

grand moff tarkin

colonel davod jon

sergent elsek

mara jade

dr evazan/ponda baba

lathe

corporal avarik

lord vader

colonel dyer

corporal oberk

prince xizor

snoova/and or piet

aura sing

corporal avarik

ghana gleemort

4-lom with rifle

sergent barich


effects


expand the empire

stragic reserves

there is no try/op

bad feelings have i

reactor ternimal

wrong turn

something special planned 


interupts

barrier x2

set for stun combo

accelerate x2

ghkk/combo 

ommni box/combo

defensive combo


'

Strategy: '

Now ep1 is out i thought about the days of railter. what can it do? is it still viable? Well, i very much think so. Even with the killer or neutralize this deck could go all the way. 

Here how it starts first couple of turns.

First turn pull docking bay, forest and leave the force there. During opponents turn start racing. This will make them hesitate. Reason is, they know what they are going to get for destiny. Next turn, activate and deploy spaceport. Deploy all the scrubs you have for one for and get there speeders from reserve deck. and move them to forest for added protection. They will be fine. Flip the objective. While you doing on this sebulla is kicking a s s. Next turn pull the last site and use 2 force to get the expand the empire or wrong turn. This will make it hard on people to land on railter. -3 landing no more. 


Here is the mathups.

WYS Easy mathup. They are nice with the force. Just get to cantina and hold it. Mara and vader will do fine. IF not ghkk will do the rest. Try to get the something special planned out and keep a trooper at the tattonie for canceling harvest.


Hidden base.

Well lets see. We got no space so just wait and probe all at onces. They will have tough time drain with flip side. Ohhh Make sure u have a ghkk in hand for probing. U dont want 10 x-wings droping on u like a rock.


Echo base. 

Dead before it starts. No drains due to imperial decree. Hold two sites in hoth and watched them cry. Flip fast and start with decree. 


Training decks. 

If traing to test 6 just drain. 4 force drain a turn better than nothing. After that just watch out for one big beat down. Also half training such as stoping at test two just get the barriers ready and react to any battle.


Profit. 

Making there drains nothing and making them cost +3 (wrong turn and bad feelings) will win games. Just try to hold the chamber and go after han with everthing. Besides that nothing can be said.


QMC.

Let see, tough match. They will stay in could city most likely. Celebration will hurt but just beat them down. Space would be important so one big blow will kill them.


Endor bunker destoryers.

hmm, great game. It will be a battle after a battle. Your guys will hold bunker and make them negative one drain will win the game. Hold bunker in till there is nothing left. 


yayin opts.

Well there isnt much i could say about blowing the death star, i havent seen it in long  time. 


other decks.

just remember what kind of opponent you have. Then play smart.




i need some help with this deck. Any suggestiongs will do. Thank you for looking.



'