---
author: Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: Y2K Bird-Of-Prey V1.5
side: Light
date: 2001-01-23
description: An improvement from the original.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:(1)
WYS/TPCBALR

Locations:(6)
Tatooine (SL)
Tatooine:Cantina (SL)
Tatooine:DB 94 (SL)
Kessel
Home 1:DB
Corellia

Characters:(12)
Melas
Theron Nett
Mirax Terrik
Dash Rendar
Talon Karrde
ECC Lando
Jedi Luke
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Captain Han Solo x2
Chewbacca x2

Effects:(16)
Projection x2
AFA x4
YISYW
Grabber x2
Battle Plan
Honor
Legendary Starfighter
Order To Engage
DODN/WA (SE)
Squadron Assignments (SE)
Insurrection

Starships:(5)
Falcon x2
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red 10

Interrupts:(17)
Punch It! x2
Out of Nowhere
Life Debt
A Few Maneuvers
On the Edge x2
It’s a Hit! x2
Rebel Barrier x2
OOC/Trans. Term x2
Hyper Escape
The Signal x2
HFTMF (SI)

Admiral’s Orders:(2)
I’ll Take the Leader x2

Weapons:(1)
Luke’s Lightsaber


Strategy: 

Some Changes:

Wedge for Nett--Well, Wedge does not draw any kind of destiny on his own while on Red Squad 1, Nett adds a destiny to power which rocks with the flipside of the Objective, and against ZiMH (which targets BATTLE destiny) combined with Fighters Coming In, he can kick the crap out of any lone BH ship.

A Jedi Luke for Ref2 Luke: I don’t like BHBM, don’t want to give it any chance, so in he goes.

YISYW: Good start against Scum to grab an early Honor (which probably won’t matter mid-game as this deck gives up 2 battleground sites, but helps early-game), or a needed Battle Plan.


This is a Millennium Falcon deck, hence the title. Since this is a new deck everywhere, Im not going tell what TO do against a deck, but what you are SUPPOSED to do. (Understand? Yknow, not This WILL work but, This SHOULD work.)

First off, a few choices I have made with this deck:

Starting WA/DODN: I understand no sense/alter may be played, but I also understand the power of grabbers playing for free. So, why not discourage my opponent from playing early SA at the same time?

No Kessel Runs: By giving my opponent a drain-2 location right at the start of game along with 2 force icons, I dont have the time for Kessel Runs, especially if Secret Plans is out.

Ill Take the Leader: Great against BH ships because it almost guarantees me victory in battle, or I get to kill some characters.

A New Hope Chewbacca: Deploying for 4 rather than 5 makes all the difference, plus, should I play against some freaky-space weapons, Chewie just roars as the ships magically disappear back into my deck.

Old School Super-Falcon: Leia Cost 10, First Strike, Barrier. Nuff Said.

On the Edge: So much Tech with 7 side of Objective. Track 2 6s and retrieve 25 cards in incrimants of 5, whenever you want! (Play both from hand on your turn, retrieve 10, 1 left in lost pile. On opponents turn or yours, play the one in lost pile to retrieve 5 more cards, making it 15 cards retrieved. Then, draw the remaining one, play it again for 5, 20 cards. Now in lost pile, play it again for 5, making that a total of 25 cards retrieved with 2 On the Edges in 3-4 turns.

Its Hit!: All good players know a REAL BIG problem with this deck is giving your opponent the Cantina with no real way to defend it. Dont try. Just put a ship at Tatooine and play Its a Hit! to cancel the drain. Should they actually want to drain there now, they will have to fight you space and you WILL crush them.

Anger, Fear, Agression: Soooo much tech. WYS has a problem with ground, they will do waaaaay too much direct damage and force drains, and your Kessel/Tat/Corellia drain will look pitiful because they wont battle you in space. AFA evens the odds. Dont battle 4 times and lose a quarter of your deck, or deploy in space to battle and get barriered, lose 4 (REALLY brutal with Order to Engage). Or, should you be in space, come fight me, or lose 4. This card single-handedly helps this deck to win, it causes direct-damage, or battle damage.


Okay, next

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS:

"What about Jabbas Prize: I know I know, but if you look again you will find that there are 2 Punch It!s as opposed to 2 Life Debts. There is also an ECC Lando, matching pilot of the Falcon, (make sure you use the ship with Squassin). So, should Han be frozen, Lando steps up with Chewbacca as co-pilot, with the same ability, still 2 smugglers for TPCBALR, and still a target for Punch It! and Legendary Starfighter.

"Not Enough Ground": Well Duh!! Not being able to effectively use Obi, Orrimaarko, Leia, Tawss, etc. GROUND IS NOT AN OPTION! (Excluding Palace Raiders). This deck focuses on space with ground-counters.

"Add Figrin: Dude, read the Objective again. If after you STILL think Figgy should be in it, quit.

NEXT!!

AGAINST:
(Your starting effects never change)

HUNTDOWN: Since your opponent will no doubt deploy Vader to Cantina first turn (not fearing Ben, and having I Have You Now for Luke), so get set up at Kessel ASAP to even the drain race, then cancel Visage ASAP. From here, it’s a race, boring, but winnable with Its a Hit, Projection, AFAs, and OTE.

BHBM: Just set up like its Huntdown, only give them Luke early.

MKOS: Start YISYW. Get some power to Tatooine so you can play Its Hit to survive early-mid game, Honor for S&D, then use AFAs combined with Order to Engage to give the Bounty Hunters headaches!

Court: Read Above.

Any Kind of Space: Fight Fight Fight!! Barrier ZiMH then either avoid or kill, whatever you can do, Fighters coming in will help against Ties, make good use of all the destiny adders you have, and use OTE to seal the win! (Getting out Legendary Starfighter helps too).

Those are all the decks this deck is prepared for, I feel it could hold its own against This Deal, ISB, Black Sun, whatever. Its solid and fun that requires some skill.

Later---Keith Gen Watabayashi  