---
layout: archive
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! "Final Hyperdrive"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-30
description: ! "We all though AOBS sucked, and then there was Dark Surgeon. We all think THGG suck, and now here is this deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)

THGG/We’ll Need a New One

Loctions(4)

TatooinePodrace Arena (S)

TatooineCity Outskirts (S)

TatooineWatto’s Junkuard (S)

CoruscantJedi Council Chamber


Characters(19)

Padawan Obi x3

EJP Lando x3

Qui-Gon Jinn x2

Senator Palpatine x2

Supreme Chancellor Valorum x2

Padme Naberrie

Threepio w/His Parts Showing

Tawss Khaa

Melas

Captain Panaka

R-3PO

Ploo Koon


Effects(6)

POAS x2

Battle Plan/DTF

YISYW

Goo Nee Tay (S)

Credits w/Do Fine (S)


Epic Events(2)

I Did It

Boonta Eve Podrace (S)


Interrupts(24)

Too Close for Comfort x3

Speak w/The Jedi Council x3

Gift of the Mentor x2

Double Agent x2

SATM/Blaster Prof. x2

Were you Looking for Me? x2

Stay Here, Where it’s Safe x2

OOC/Trans. Term x2

Neck and Neck

Slight Weapons Malfuntion

Fall of the Legend

Throw me Another Charge 

Podrace Prep (S)

Lost in the Wilderness


Weapons(3)

Qui-Gonn’s Saber

Obi’s Saber

Panaka’s Blaster


Podracer(1)

Anakin’s Podracer (S)


'

Strategy: '

This deck is full of counters, and will fully surprise any opponent you come against. How it works is simple (like every SW deck). Start the race, control the Junkyard and set up your hand, win the race, retrieve early losses, then flip and dominate ground, set up Battle Plan/DTF for a good lock-down, and win. Granted, this is ALWAYS easier said than done, but that is what you need to do when playing this deck. 

Now, since I am posting this the day before Ref III comes out, I know I will get some skeptic reviews. This deck will still work, the Podrace may not cause any more damage, but all I need is the force retrieval, and not so much a 12-card force swing. (Even so, this deck once loss a Boxed’ race against Senate, and still went on to win). Also, the new DS objective DEFINETLY hurts 	Qui-Gonn, but it’s really a simple matter, don’t deploy him. But the new DS objective also helps somewhat, as Maul will is made immune to attrition by the 0 side of THGG, he has always been somewhat of a pain. But, against We’ll Let Them Make the First Move, Maul will be on Naboo, and easily ignored (to some extent). So really, this deck will work after Ref III, maybe even better because of Defensive Shields.

I know this deck is strange, new, and NOT WYS, but it gets the job done. With beefy characters and counters, it can definetly net you big wins. 

What? You’re still not convinced? Okay, here are some explanations


Why use THGG at all?

Well, it gives you a great start, one of the best starts of any LS objective. You get 3 icons (giving away 2 does suck, but like every LS obj. does that), the abiity to pull a power character (that flips Hunt Down), and a great site to cause direct damage and get massive activation. (Just on your starting sites you can generate 6 icons). Another great feature of the objective are the flipping requirements. Instead of finishing Jedi Tests then battleing and draining, or Rescuing a Princess then battleing and draining, or setting up a Senate Majority then battleing and draining, or getting 5 systems out then battleing and draining, you just get to Battle and Drain The last great thing about this Objective is the flip side. For two reasons Plenty of flexi-retrieval, and it won’t ever flip back. Good Stuff.


Character Selection

Qui-Gonn + Obi + Lando = Beats

Palpatine + Valorum = Anti-Senate

RPO = Anti-Spy

Ploo Koon = Auto-hits/battle wins and more retrieval (draw one, retrieve one, cancel it, draw another one, retrieve another one).

Everyone Else = Power/support


Interrupt Selection

TMAC/FOTL = high destiny for race/battles

Stay Here, WIS = Anti-Anti Senate plus extra power in battles.

Were You Looking for Me? = Get 3PO, get RPO

Speak with Council = More activation, high destiny

Double Agent = Anti-Spy, Pro-Flip

SATM/DP = Anti-Spy, Pro-Flip/Battles


Why Podrace?

This is a slow deck, you will lose cards in early on. The retrieval from Boonta Race and I Did It Will put you back in the game, and ready to flip and win. Also, starting with Goo Nee Tay helps against Mains.



Well, that’s all folks, try this deck. It’s fun, solid, and unexpected. It’s good.


Later,

Keith "Gen" Watabayashi '