---
layout: archive
author: ! Dominic "Decktech" Gaudreault
title: ! "Sid Vicious was Inocent "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-11
description: ! "OK, It&#8217;s a average ISB. But there is more counter-defensive that in any usual ISB deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting


ISB Opperation

Coruscant

IAM

Mob Point

Opressive Enforcement / There is no Try

Prepared Defence


Locations


Exec Docking bay

Rendili

Hoth

Yavin 4

Kashyyk


Character


Admiral Piet

Comender Merjerk

Darth Vader Foil Japaneese (tech)

Tarkin

Trawn

Chirano

ORS x5

Ozzel

Cabble

Evax

5d6

Guri

U-3po

Captain Godhert

Arica


Vehicule


Bliz 2

Tempest 1


Starship


DOMINATOR

Devastator

Avenger

BIHT

ZIMH

DIP1

Executo

Chimera


BIG RED 


Imperial Command x4

Battle Order

YCHFE

Secret Plans

Projective Thelepathy

SHUOSHD

Twilek Advisor

Grapler

Imperial Decree

Blast Doo Control

Abysin Ornement

Bargaining Table

Massa Move

Monnok

Something Spacial Planed For Them

Lateral Damage


ORDER


Battle Deployment

'

Strategy: '

YES, ISB DONT DRAIN +1 AT SYSTEM. SORRY, 


Usualy against any deck, try to get piet on first turn on the exec docking bay, followed by merjerk . get yavin 4 then hoth with merjerk.


I chose yavin 4 and hoth since its easier to flip and do imperial decree. Especially against deck that can beat you down on the docking bay.


And if I deploy Chiramo at yavin 4. Well, my drain on rendili, yavin 4,hoth and kasjyys are +2


Usualy when you build a deck you say.. I won’t put any insert protection or whatever protection because I will not play against any... well, I put everything in that deck. There is red for everything . the only good red that is not there is Point man and CHYBC. But I already have 2 card against retrieve. And ORS suspend astroid senctuary. and imp decree cancel drain bonus... so if I play against astroid, I am ok. and for OTE, well, I will atack. but still I got projective thelepathy that I can use every 2 turn against that, if I am in deep sh1t. I also have blast door control against barrier /ote combo. And I can grab Hyper escape against hyper escape / ote combo. And Against that, somthing special planed for them also help me.


in late game, I am advantages... I retrieve a scout, and I retrieve the dominator...


Against deck that may use spy. Like HB main deck. Once you got your 4 planet. Put piet and merjerk in  the executor if you have it. Else in a walker. And move the walker to your opponent docking bay.


I decided not to put any battle ground site since all light side deck use some now... there is no dagoba anymore.


And If they don’t use any, well, I don’t care. I mean I do care... they will be playing with System then... And I got more power than them there...



Strategy against main deck


WYS  Well, I made this deck to beat it... most of the time it work. MOST OF THE TIME  You must gain control over tattoine. Then put undercover on tattoine or The droid ISB. And beat them on space whetever they goes. With imp command and guri,you are advantaged... you got monok too, and bargaining table. The admiral order is to try to hang on tattoine


HIDEN MAIN deploy undercover to their docking bay. Fight them in space. Lateral Damage in HUGE in that matchup. Make sure you have it. You must do the same basic thing as against WYS. Try to have Something special for them fast. 


EBOX Get control of hoth north ridge, the only battle ground. Stink vader and a walker there if you have it. Then battle plan, and grab organised attack. They use no monok protection, so you are still  advantaged. Beat them in space.


Ok, well, against anyother deck you are advantaged. it’s not a auto win, but it’s a solid deck. when you win you win by 15-20 or so. but when you loose, if you know how to play this game, you won’t loose by more than 5-10.. and that is if you lost. And believe me, the oponent is gunna have a run for his money 


With this deck, there is not much luck factor. Its just solid. That’S all


-Dominic

'