---
author: Jeff "Jazz" Heinz
title: The legend of the Speeder
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-23
description: This is an updated version of my speeder bike deck that provides quick drains, high destinies, and overall power.  -The Baron
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (3):

Combat Readiness
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Forest Clearing

CHARACTERS (15):

Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Drelosyn
Corporal Misik
Sergeant Elsek
Corporal Avaric
Biker Scout Trooper x7
Mara Jade, The Emporer’s bit...Hand
Colonel David Jon

WEAPONS (2):

Mara’s Stick
Scout Blaster

STARSHIPS/VEHICLES (13):

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Flagship Executer
Dreadnaught x2
Speeder Bike x9

LOCATIONS, LOCATIONS, LOCATIONS (5):

Endor: Back Door x2
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Ancient Forest
Endor: Landing Platform

EFFECTS (8):

3,720 to 1 x3
Relentless Tracking
Death Mark x2
Expand the Empire
Royal Escort

INTERRUPTS (14):

Sneak Attack x4
High Speed Tactics x4
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Control x4

Total= 60 cards 


Strategy: 

Anatomy of Deck:

Control x4- four are run for the main reason of canceling space drains untill you can build up a large enough strike force.

Sneak Attack- Adds one to you battle destiny for each scout or spy at same site. With a plus six destiny, those mains go down fast.

High Speed Tactics- Adds a battle destiny. With the addition of this card, I have frequently had total destinies in the high teens. With little to no tracking.

Relentless Tracking- Makes opponent lose three force a turn for keeping characters at your sites.

Death Mark- With all the WYS and Hidden Base decks going around, this card is a nice addition to make them lose force for their smugglers.
Plus is destiny five.

3,720 to 1- Yes I know people use your insights serve you well, but not everybody. They are definately worth the card slots.

Expand the Empire- gets drains up bigger and faster.

Royal Escort- Makes bikers a mother to hit. A non-unique biker scout on a bike is now power four, immune to attrition less then four, forfiet 8 (him and bike), and armor five.  

Dreadnaught- Cheap, ability two, and destiny three.

Flagship Executer- Powerfull, destiny four, and draws a destiny with one scout.

Scout Blaster- Deploys as a react. With the high destinies in this deck, you can pretty much choose who you want forfieted.

Colonel David Jon- An army on his own.

Mara- doesn’t cancel the effect provided by sneak attact. For some reason, opponent doesn’t think she’ll pop up.

Unique Biker Scouts- All add battle destiny, to the battle destiny, or away from opponents battle destiny.

Starting Cards- Two sites with force drain plus one.  ALmost a 99% chance of draining for four or more on the second turn.



Strategy=


This is actually pretty simple. Start first turn by deploying a scout to each site, with bike if able.  Draw leaving one force.  Continue to expand and drain for a lot at your sites.  If they come down after you, play defensively.  Let them attack you and soon they WILL find they can’t keep that up.  Expand to opponents sites only if you go in force, and only if you can get an easy win on a battle or a drain of two or more. The opponent can’t win the drain race, your controls and high drains make sure of this.  Overall, play reactivly but aggresively.


Matchups:


Profit- wait for them to free han and become bold. ALlow them an early win to boost their spirits and then crush them. YOur drains will wear them out.  Easy win.

Hidden Base- the kessel run version of this is your greatest enemy.  Your early drains 90% of the time are enough to win, but save your space force up and probe them like crazy.

WYS- have only played against one of these at states and I think I lost (by like three). Frankly I didn’t know what to expect which isn’t the decks fault, only my own ignorance.

Any endor deck- need I even say, guarenteed win.

That’s all for now, son...

-Jeff "Jazz" Heinz a.k.a. The Baron (spokesperson of the recently formed team suck)
