---
author: Ryan "CmdCorranH" Austin
title: Return of the Jedi-New Age OMDH v3.0
side: Light
date: 2001-02-03
description: my 3rd and last version of this deck for a while. New upgrades make this deck even better. you just gotta try it out b/c it ROCKS!!!!! Thanks for looking !!!!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (7)
Hidden Base (obj)
Yavin 4 (HB indicator)
Rendezvous Point
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas
Insurrection

CHARACTERS (19)
Dash Render x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Luke W/Lightsaber
Mirax Terrik
Leia W/Blaster x2
Ben Kenobi x3
Captain Han Solo x2
Melas
Corran Horn
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader
Orrimaarko
Lando W/Vibro Ax x2

EFFECTS (6)
Menace Fades
OMDH x3
Bacta Tank
Legendary Starfighter

INTERRUPTS (13)
Clash of Sabers 
Gift of the Mentor
The Signal 
Fallen Portal x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Transmission Terminated/OOC x2
Punch It!
Houjix/Out Of Nowhere

WEAPONS (2)
Obi-Wan&#8217;s Lightsaber
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber

STARSHIPS (6)
Outrider x2
M. Falcon x2
Red Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate

ADMIRAL*S ORDERS (2)
I&#8217;ll Take The Leader x2

LOCATIONS: (5)
Alderaan
Tatooine
Tatooine Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Corulag


Strategy: 

!!!!!!!!CHANGES!!!!!!!!!!
TAKE OUT Menace Fades ADD Do, or Do Not/Wise Advise (forgot it when I typed out the cards)


 Okay, changes from version 2.0
   I replaced a few characters which work much better in the deck as well as adding Punch It, Legendary Starfighter, & Houjix/Out Of Nowhere. These cards really enhance the deck and I would lik to know what you all think about the changes. THIS WILL BE MY last post of this deck for a while so please don*t give me bad reviews because this is my third deck in two weeks. Thanks


STRATEGY:
 This deck is a very simple deck to figure out since it is a mains & toys deck. With a little OMDH thrown in it makes this deck a force to be reckoned with. Now I know that since I use Dash all my OMDH are placed OOP (even if you make runs with the Falcon) but he is worth having since he is a monster in space. Even with Dash out you will still be able to retrieve 25+ force with your 3 OMDH*s.  Dash in Outrider along with Captain Han in the Falcon (and maybe one more pilot to combat Zuckess) can beat of almost anything (together they are power 12, draw 2 destiny, and subtract 6 from your opponent’s power).       
   If you are being threatened in space (ties etc) then just add Leia to the mix and you have a unstoppable combo. 

   On the ground you have Ben, Luke, Lando, Orrimaarko and more. Leia, Corren, Melas can be used wherever you need them. Unless your opponent is draining you heavy from a different planet leave you guys on your two docking bays (both on Tatooine). 

*******NOTE********
Against Hunt Down & COURT, I DO NOT USE MY SPACEPORT DB since they have No Escape. I forgot to mention that in my last deck and got some stars off b/c of it. And I also do not use Home One DB because I can*t drain at it. Spaceport DB is nice because I can put it on Tatooine and drain +1 there with my AO.

  Along with your Admiral*s order and lightsaber bonus* you really make your opponent lose a lot. Fallen Portal is a very nice card since I normally have good destinies in my reserve deck (I use all the low ones on the table and most of the R2 characters are destiny 3). 
   If you are getting drained from afar deploy your spaceport docking bay onto their planet (if you can’t deploy it to their planet then chances are that they will have started a docking bay). Move Ben Over if possible and use Luke and your other beats to quench their fire. This deck is MADE for battling (look at the interrupts) so in most battles you will win. This deck also activates big amounts of force, so don*t worry about high deploy costs.

   Also, for those of you who are wondering why I don*t use the Home One tech to do OMDH, here*s why. 
I have tried it before and it doesn*t work nearly as well. It takes one more turn (unless you have a transport vehicle), is much more card intensive, and if Home One dies you are toast. Trust me, it is much better the way I do it. 

  This deck also have a cool cycle, that I think is worth mentioning. If you are battling at the Tatooine System and have Bacta Tank out as well as I*ll Take The Leader the you can keep cycling your pilots and ships. If you need to lose a lot for power then just lose the pilot of one ship to the bacta tank and then lose the ship. The Admiral*s order allows you to send the starship to a related docking bay so send the ship to the Tatooine docking bay. Then next turn grab the pilot from the tank, deploy him in his ship again, and get him back into the battle.

  In both space and ground you have big power which mixed with your retrieval and direct damage is a big power. THIS IS A REGULAR MAINS AND TOYS DECK with  OMDH thrown in. The OMDH is HUGE as you will see if you ever use the deck. I mean it is a nasty mains & toys deck that retrieves 20-40 force a game. 

AGAINST BHBM: It will kinda stink not having Luke. But fortunately you have many other beats. Get down to just the Tatooine docking bay (don*t use the spaceport) and use the rest of your guys to do dirty work off planet. You won*t have much problem with space. Along with your retrieval, beats, Fallen Portals, and drains you will win most games. Also, even though the R2 luke is nice VS BHBM he is not worth using in the deck since Jedi Luke is so good VS every deck.

AGAINST COURT/SCUM: Would be hard but I am very prepared for Scum decks. Fallen Portal is great for smoking bounty hunters or musicians and Weapon Levitation is to grab Snoova*s Vibro Ax from his hairy grasp. Their starships are no match for your space fleet combined with the AO, so you will have no trouble there (I play COURT all the time and have NEVER had trouble in space). If they decide to attack you in space then quickly dispose of them and drop down legendary starfighter. Play right and you will win most every game.

AGAINST Hunt Down: Against a batting HD deck you should be able to win almost every time. Try to cancel Visage ASAP. From then it*s smooth sailing.  As you can see, I am very prepared for dueling hunt down (which may I add, doesn*t even exist where I play). But what the heck, I’ll prepare for it anyways. I have two anti-duel cards as well as weapon levatation (grab Vader*s LS) and Fallen Portal (I nail Tarkin a lot with this card which makes my opponent have to cancel my Fallen Portal destiny instead of a dueling one). The TMT/OOC really help against HDADTJ since it gives me longer to set up.
If you take your time and get set up dueling Hunt Down with be a walk in the park. Retrieve any early loses from Visage with OMDH.

AGAINST SPACE: Unless it is Ties it should be rather simple. Until you try out these starships you don*t know how powerful they really are. Against Ties DON*T SPREAD. Keep your ships together (unless moving to Alderaan) and use your AO to it*s fullest potential. As long as you make no stupid mistakes you will win.

Also, for people who think I don*t activate enough, let me tell you that I can activate 13 most of the time + whatever I am given. Also SECRET PLANS DOES NOT HURT ME. I only use OMDH 3 times and I activate enough to get around it. I know almost every dark deck now stars Secret Plans so I am prepared for it.

THANKS for looking and please D-Mail me any questions 

Thanks,
    CmdCorrenH







