---
author: Mike "SpaceSlug" Shumaker
title: My Kind Of Pigs, Fearless and Inventive
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-23
description: This deck goes for big drains on Tatooine. Pigs with axes are quite good with this objective.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting &#8211; 8
My kind of Scum/Fearless and Inventive
Tatooine: Deserts Heart
Tatooine: Jabbas Palace
Prepared Defenses
Well Guarded
Power of the Hutt
Inconsequential Losses
No Bargain

Locations &#8211; 5
Jabbas Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabbas Palace: Entrance Cavern
Jabbas Palace: Lower Passages
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes

Characters &#8211; 22
Jabba the Hutt
Ephant Mon
Bib Fortuna
Gailid
Xizor
Guri
Snoova
Mara Jade
Ortugg x2 (my rep)
Gamorrean Guard x12

Weapons &#8211; 10
Gamorrean Ax x8
Maras Saber
Vibro Ax

Vehicles/Starships &#8211; 4
Skiff
Bossk in HT
Zuckuss in MH
IG-88 in IG2000

Effects &#8211; 6
Presence of the Force
Expand the Empire
Hutt Influence
Den of Thieves
Reactor Terminal
Scum and Villainy

Interrupts &#8211; 6
Abyssin Ornament x3
None Shall Pass
Imperial Barrier
Weapon of an Ungrateful Son
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor



Strategy: 

 
By second turn have the Fat Man and Ephont in the Chamber and if I’m lucky enough to pull either Jabba or Gailid in the opening hand, Gaild too. I get to look in my deck enough that I should be able to get Gailid early. Put a gamorrean and any other character at each site. Get Expand the Empire at the Entrance Cavern and drain like mad.

For the exterior sites, a gamorrean at Tat:JP and some muscle (Snoova, Xizor, Mara, Guri) on the skiff at one of the other sites and react to the other sites if opponent wants to battle.

When its at the point where I feel the game is in hand, I use Weapon of an Ungrateful Son to put al my weapons back in deck.

The Gamorrean axes make this deck quite good. My pigs are power 5, draw destiny, swing for free, and the ax can forfeit for 3 and go to the used pile. Not much chance of a beatdown in this deck. 