---
author: Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: I do no see a weather vane!! Final Answer.....
side: Light
date: 2001-03-04
description: High Red cycling with high destiny and huge retrieval!!!!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(7)
Hidden Base
Rendvous Point
Special Base= Anything you want
HFTMF
Strike Planning
Do or not/Wise 
Insurrection

Sites(7)
Endor
Dagobah 
Yodas hut
H1 Dbay
CC dbay
Carbonite Chamber 
Aquiruis(COOL SYSTEM)

Characters(15)
Jedi Luke x2
Luke with saber
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x3
Captian Han x2
Leia with Blaster x2
Dash
Lando with Vibrator
Tawss
Big Omar(Orrimaarko)
Mirax Terrick

Weapons(1)
Lukes Saber

Starships(3)
Falcon(old skool) x2
Outrider

Effects(6)
Battle Plan
Squadron Assign
Insights
Draw their fire
Ounee TA
Frozen Assets

Interrupts(22)
Signal x3
I know x2
Fallen Portal x2
Fall of a ledgend x2
Off the Edge x2
On the Edge x2
Out of Comission x2
Bith Shuffle/Deserate Reach
Sorry bout the mess/Blaster pro
Courage of a sky
Glancing Blow 
Skywalkers
Throw me another charge
Narrow escape


Strategy: 

Strategy....

Well ive played this deck for some time now since R2 came out and its been performing preety well beating the majority of the deck tybes out there if you play it right.  Some tech in the deck is Aquaries which is the reason I dont play staging areas.  

I use Obi-Wan to play off the edge and on the edge on because he can hold his own against most people that try to attack him and with the narrow escape and Fallen Portal he could sit anywhere he wants too.  

Use the cycling 6s to get high destiny or retrieve force.  

Lando with Vibro axe:  This is a meta choice since most of the people in my area are playing MKOS and Court so i play him to get rid of characters on Tatooine.

Matchups:

BHBM:
Set up a super faclon to aquaris fast as you can to get your generation up then use the off and on combo to get all your force back that they hurt you with.  Pick your battles and only battle if you can win.  Battle in space with Falcon and Outrider if they come to you.

Hunt Down:
You can battle them out most of the time and use the Courages and Glancing blows to win duels.  Battle them out and retrieve force with the off on combo if you need to otherwise dont waste them.
Set up Obi on CC and your ships in space use Obi to retrieve all your lost characters send Luke 

MKOS:
and Lando into JP to take out aliens try to cancel scum as fast as you can and never retreat unless you have no backup in hand and or a whimpy guy.

Court:
Never retreat try to win all the battles dont get into situtations where he could get back lots of force.  Weapons are good.  Use the off/on combo for retrieval and set up your guys in space.

Well if you have any questions or help just d-mail me.  Thanks.  REMEMBER most of the cards in the deck can be changed for different characters if needed. 