---
layout: archive
author: ! Geoff "GG BLADE" Bowman
title: ! "Das Schlägt Hinunter Zwei (The Beat Down CCT Numba 2)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-08
description: ! "A reversion of the previous version after loads of playtesting and a tourney."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9) 

CCT/MFD 

Carbonite Chamber Console 

Carbonite Chamber 

Security Tower 

Frozen Han 

Prepared Defenses 

Crush the Rebelion 

Mobilization Points

Power of the Hutt 


Characters (16) 

4-Lom with Concussion Rifle

Boelo

Darth Vader DLOTS x2

Darth Vader with Stick

Dengar with Blaster Carbine

Emperor Palpatine

IG-88 With Riot Gun

Mara Jade, THE x2

Mighty Jabba x2

Prince Xizor x2

Snoova x2


Ships and Vehicles(6) 

Blizzard 2

Boba Fett in Slave 1

Flagship Executer

Jabba&#8217;s Space Cruiser

Virago

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter


Locations (5) 

Carida 

Cloud City East Platform

Jabba&#8217;s Palace Audience Chamber

Tatooine Docking Bay 94


Interrupts (15) 

Evader & Monnok x2

Gravity Shadow

I Have You Now x2

Jabba&#8217;s Through With You x2

Masterful Move x2

Set for Stun x2

The Circle is Now Complete

Twi&#8217;lek x2

Vader&#8217;s Obsession


Effects (7) 

Blast Door Controls

First Strike

Lateral Damage

Presence of the Force

Reactor Terminal

Search And Destroy

Secret Plans 


Weapons (2) 

Mara Jades Saber 

Vibro Axe '

Strategy: '

Sorry about the number thingys...  I hate word.


Thanks for taking a look at my deck Please leave any ideas or thoughts that could improve my deck.


Destiny Breakdown

0*s - 4 (all can be pulled from the deck)

1*s - 16 (Well good characters have low destinies)

2*s - 8 (Potf, Set for Stun among others are in this group)

3*s - 3 of them hehe

4*s - 6 all the cool stuff, Vibro Ax, Lateral Damage, etc...

5*s - yup

6*s - 6 with only 2 not useful for game play (Masterful Move is just awesome)


Breakdown of the first couple of turns


Turn one  Pull the Audience Chamber, Jabba*s Space Cruiser and a Monnok & Evader.  Drop someone to the AC if he will be able to hold the site.  Otherwise draw.


Turn two  Search for Jabba, and Boelo, and drop them.  Also search for one of the docking bays with CCT.


Turn three and beyond  Spread out and kill and drain.  Play lateral damage, and gravity shadow at the same time if you can, it*s really cool.  Flipping the objective isn*t necessary, but it*s cool if you can.  Use your ships and bounty hunters wisly.  Try to capture Luke, Obi, or Leia with Snoova or IG, and just go hide.  Use circle, I have you now, and Vader*s Obsession when needed.  If you can capture or POOP (Place Out Of Play, nice acronym) most of their main characters, they are screwed.  Track some stuff, Set for stun Dash, and Chewie, and everything will be just dandy.  


Matchups 


VS EBO 

Well, as you may have noticed I have increased my ship count.  I*ve got Flagship Exe, ZimH, Bossk in Buss and Fett in Bubble.  Plus Virago, and Jabba*s Kruzer.  Use Lateral Damage wisely, since there will be no Super Falcon, unless they come down to rescue Han.  Resistance as noted in a review would be good, but it is not necessary, I would rather have another ship instead of that.  Set up S&D since EPP Obi, Leia, and Luke will be the only things they play.  Try and capture one of them so that they can*t go to the bacta tank every turn.


VS WYS 

Well this is what this deck is designed to beat.  Drop your Boelo and Jabba to the chamber, and get a few ships then kill the queer at Kessel.  Capturing Luke is a must  It is best done with a tracked 6 and IG since he cannot be battled.  Then all they will have left are scrubs.  Hahha  Keep Han and Luke safe, and kill like crazy.  Keep the high destines going into the reserve deck and you should be fine.



VS Profit (if it exists anymore...) This would be a ridiculous game, I flip my objective right away, and they die. Let them free han, then go kill the scrubs that rescued them.  Kill em if they try to go up to space.  Remember Snoova with ax is awesome, and there is killer destiny in this deck.


VS Other stuff, then kill them. Then Drain. 


Reasons for other seemingly random cards  


Jabba*s Through With You - well it is a destiny 5 and adds a destiny when a bounty hunter fires a weapon.  With the magnitude of bounty hunters, it only seems natural.


I Have You Now - read the card, both Palpy and Vader can use it. 


If you put some stupid comment and rate me low, I will do the same to you, please don*t be an a-hole and it won*t happen.  If you are going to give me a low rating there had better be a good reason.  Please just give ideas and thoughs that would help my deck.


GG BLADE  '