---
author: Jayson "Rak" Benjamin
title: Scanning Crew 101
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-20
description: How to maximise your Scanning Crews.
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

Starters-7
       Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control
       Corulag
       Forest
       Surface Defense
       There is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement
       Secret Plans
       Resistance

Characters-18
       Lord Vader
       Darth Vader
       Corporal Avarik
       Sergeant Irol
       Grand Moff Tarkin
       Corporal Oberk
       Corporal Drelosyn
       Sergeant Elsek x2
       Sergeant Barich
       Corulag Operative x6
       Miiyoom Onith
       Mosep

Starships-1
       Executor

Sites-7
       Jungle
       Spaceport Prefects Office
       Desert
       Swamp
       Spaceport Docking Bay
       Spaceport City
       D*2 Throne Room

Weapons-1
       Vaders Lightsaber

Interrupts-23
       Scanning Crew x13
       Twilek Advisor
       Abyssin Ornament
       Monnok x2
       Evader & Monnok x2
       Control & Set for Stun x4

Effects-3
       Hyperwave Scan
       Ability, Ability, Ability
       Reactor Terminal


Strategy: 

----------update----------
I took out Darth Vader for a Vader with stick
--------end update--------
This deck is very basic in design.  You use the objective as a front and Scanning Crew their hand away.  Now, before you say well what about YISYW, here me out.  Well most people who play with  this card start it and by their second turn dump it for something else.  Now all you have to do is play smart and conservatively.  Now you first couple of turns it will be spent on getting sites and playing SCrew.  Most of the time your opponent will try to out draw you in this case Monnock him.  Always SCrew the highest ability characters from their hand leaving the scrubs(they are easier to deal with after all).  After you are sure they cant amass you start deploying.  I usally deploy to sites where characters have “gotten trough”.  Deploy to Corulag only enough to flip the objective and get Mosep there ASAP.  
	Now one game a person asked me what would happen if I went up against aliens or an X-wing swarm deck.  That is where Monnock lost comes in. Making him loose his hoard of cards can be devastating.  Also always play Monnock(whether used or lost) before you drain that way if they have Yarna out you wont make them go below 13 cards.

	Now,  for some explanation of cards.
Evader & Monnock- Because just in case I come up against decks that play revolution on there own sites i.e. throne room
Mosep- so the drain has to come from the reserve deck where all those wonderful mains are whooda thunk
Control & Set for Stun- Remember why I said high ability characters earlier this is why
There is No Try & Oppresive Enforcement-So if they try to Sense either Monnock or SCrew I still get it back and they loose 3 force
Hyperwave Scan-SCrew immune to sense and all cards with rebel in title are lost when opponent has 13 or more cards in hand.  1 SCrew,  2, LSRS and Obi hmmmmmm decisions decisions
Ability, Ability, Ability- I find more often than not that my opponent doesn’t have any characters to deploy cant figure out why though
2 Elseks- Because I find that he gets forfeited the most
13 SCrews- well to be honest with you that’s all I had.  Now seriously, many people have watched this deck being played, yet when they play me they get burnt.  Why?  Because they don’t realize how many SCrews  I play and how fast they get recycled.  It happens every time.

	Now time for some match-ups.
TIGIH- Dont let anyone hit the table besides Luke (not like you have a choice).  Let him go where he wants until you pull Vader (preferably Lord Vader),his stick, GMT, and some scrub.  Then go kick some butt.  Let him hit try to hit whoever cancel it and sac the scrub. Other than that easy you just SCrew like a mad man.

Throne Room-Again SCrew and only let low ability characters hit the table if it comes to that.  This will be tough (since they normally carry one butt load of characters) but doable just play smart and you should win.  

WYS/TPCBALR-Well Ive never had to play one yet but it shouldn’t be to hard. Because most of their better ability characters will be Rebel Smugglers.  So use Miiyoom Onith to get rid of the other male aliens (and these are lost).  Shouldn’t be to terribly hard, but you can always force drain at their sites and use Monnock lost to get rid of their multiple Kessels.

Speederholics and X-wing swarms-Monnock lost. It works every time.

Well that’s about it. These are the major decks that are played in my region.  Oh yea if someone does catch on and doesn’t ditch YISYW, SCrew  makes good drain fodder and then you can play the deck almost like a normal Ops deck in which case send Vader and Tarkin to do some butt kickin.
       Thanx 
          Rak
 P.S. For all you skeptics this deck is undeafeted while I was playing it.  My brother used it one tournament and lost do to a bad draw on his part and a good draw on the opponent (My brother had 2 SCrews and the opponent had 2 LSJK 2LSRS Orrimarko and 2 Corran Horns).   