---
layout: archive
author: ! Brandon "Tantive XXX" Knapp
title: ! "The Sickness [SYCFA pile]"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-16
description: ! "SYCFApodracingMAIHROCnumbersvisage...AKA lots of damage"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations- 

Alderaan 

Death Star 

Death Star Conference Room 

Death Star Docking Bay 327 

Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room) x2 

Tatooine Podrace Arena 


Characters- 

Darth Vader With Lightsaber 

Emperor Palpatine x2 

IM4-099 

R4-M9 (Arfour-Emmnine) 

Tech Mo’r x2 


Vehicles- 

Blizzard Scout 1 

Tempest Scout 3 

Tempest Scout 4 

Tempest Scout 6 


Starships- 

Boba Fett in Slave I 

Bossk In Hounds Tooth 

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 


Interrupts- 

Counter Assault x2 

Hit Racer 

HoloNet Transmission 

Look Sir, Droids 

Masterful Move x4 

Oh, Switch Off 

Ommni Box & It’s Worse 

Pit Crews 

Podracer Collision x3 

Point Man 

Shocking Revelation 

Start Your Engines 

Twi’lek Advisor x6 

Vader’s Obsession 


Effects- 

3,720 To 1 x2 

Much Anger In Him x2 

No Bargain 

Responsibility Of Command x2 

Secret Plans 

The Dark Path 

Visage Of The Emperor 

Watto’s Box 


Epic Event- 

Boonta Eve Podrace 


Podracer- 

Sebulba’s Podracer 


Objective- 

Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe 



'

Strategy: '

Read first so u understand this deck 


Start- 

Set Your Course For Alderaan/... 

Alderaan 

Death Star 

Death Star Docking Bay 327 

Start Your Engines 

Tatooine Podrace Arena 

Sebulba’s Podracer 

Boonta Eve Podrace 

Watto’s Box [might want to consider The Dark Path vs WYSracing] 


First turn- 

Activate 1, masterful move for Visage(if u have one). active 3 more twi’lek [if u have one] for The Dark Path. Finish activating, deploy D* site, deploy dark path, and visage...draw up. 


Turn 2- 

Start podrace. Use the Dark path so u draw high. draw up. 


rest of game- 

set up Empy, Tech, and another droid on the D* and insert. Also get the MAIH/ROC combo and deploy walkers infront of them...to make them lose 4 force. 


This deck is rather simple to play, but is very non-interactive. Also DV w/ Saber and vader’s obsession is only in there for late game retrieval or to save u if u lost the podrace (not likely). Only use this if ur sure u have a few tracked destinies cuz it can cost u the game. Usually i never use it but save u it can.


If u have any questions d-mail me(if it still works...i’m not sure cuz of all this tech pt stuff)



'