---
author: William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: Profit beatdown Chump style
side: Light
date: 2001-06-07
description: A Profit deck made by me, a chump.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

OBJECTIVE(1)
You can either profit by this/ 
                      Or be destroyed x1

CHARACTERS(22)
Qui gon jinn x2
Ben Kenobi x2
Chewbacca, Protector x2
Han w/Heavy blaster pistol x3 (start)
Master Luke x3
Lando w/ axe x2
Leia w/ blaster rifle x2
Jar jar binks x1
Threepio nude x1
Shmi skywalker x1
Padme naberrie x1
Wedge Antilles x1
Caldera Righim x1

LOCATIONS(6)
Jabba’s palace-Audience chamber x1 (start)
Tatooine-jabba’s palace x1 (start)
Tatooine-slave quarters x1
Tatooine-city outskirts x1
Tatooine-cantina x1
Tatooine-mos espa x1

WEAPONS (3)
Obi’s lightsaber x1
Anakin’s lightsaber x1
Qui gon’s lasersword x1

Podracer(1)
Anakin’s podracer x1

EFFECTS(4)
Aim High x1 (START)
The Camp x1 (start)
Draw their fire x1 (start)
Ounee ta x1

INTERRUPTS(23)
Clash of sabers x1
Heading for the hospital x1(start)
Sorry about the mess/blaster     
                      proficiency x1
Control/tunnel vision x3
Skywalkers x1
Don’t get @#$%y x1
I know x1
Run luke run x2
Were you looking for me x1
endor celebration x1
out of commission/transmission   
                        terminated x2
Changing the odds x2
Someone who loves you x2
Ive got a bad feeling about this x2
Jedi escape x2



Strategy: 

Well, it’s kinda late but i’ll try my best to type straight and give goood strategy. The base of the deck is to beatdown your opponent and drain but if you get the chance pull off the run luke run one turn kill. You can do it first turn if you get a good draw but it’s never happened. the earliest i did it was third turn. usually my opponent starts two aliens, so i play leia in front of them, master luke for free at jabba’s palace, ive got a bad feeling, someone who loves you to free han, run luke run, and any battle destiny adders. get +5 power from aim high for shooting with han and leia. kill in one turn. If your opponent doesn’t come to tatooine, good for you, spread with the characters and drain and cause damage with the objective. I have no space because nobody is playing full space anywhere around here so it works well. went undefeated in last tourney. Lots of backup characters and high destiny. Can take on any ground deck. lots of anti duel stuff. RLR AND jedi escape. 

That’s all, sorry for it being all choppy and messy like, i’m tired and i should have gone to sleep a long time ago. well that’s the deck.  