---
author: Butt "ltkettch" Munch
title: !MEGA! HUNT DOWN !MEGA!
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-10
description: Its MEGA!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Epic Event (1)

Epic Duel

Locations (5)

Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executon: Holotheatre
Rendili
Cloud Citiy: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star: Docking Bay 327

Characters (18)

Lord Vader x5
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Janus Greejatus x2
Prince Xizor
Sim Aloo
Grand Admiral Thrawn
EPP Boba Fett
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

Interrupts (15)

Prepared Defenses
Masterful Move x2
Omni Box/Its Worse x2
Operational As Planned x2
Weapon Levitation x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Vaders Obsession 
Focused Attack
I Have You Now
You Are Beaten

Effects (11)

Visage Of The Emperor x3
No Escape
Blast Door Controls
Search And Destroy
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
Therell Be Hell To Pay
First Strike

Weapons (3)

Vaders Lightaber x2
Mara Jades Lightsaber 

Vehicles (2) 

Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Starships (4)

Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckass In Mist Hunter
Dnegar In Punishing One
Chimera 

Strategy: 

CHANGES!!!

okay...  due to excessive demand, 5 lord vaders has been changed to 3 lords and 2 dlots

tint/oppressive enforcement has been changed to put all sections on alert (that card is awesome!)

fett with gun has been changed to fett in ship, and bossk in bus has been changed to the stinger, cuz guri is the teamwork killa!

you cannot hide forever has also been teched in but i cant remember what i took out

there is no executor db, for the simple reason that if the light side wants to invade the executor, they’re not going to get off without getting beat hard!!!  i dont care about first turn vader to a non battleground just for activation, it doesn’t freakin matter.  the two db’s and the rendili and executor sites are plenty of activation.  

also, everyone wants me to play tarkin, well...
in previous versions of the deck i did have tarkin, but whenever vader and tarkin were together, vader had a big bullseye on his shirt that was in reality a target for clash of sabers.  a basic game would go like this...

ls player> ”...oh no, vader and tarkin together!!! nothing beats that...”

me> (grinning) ” yeah, that combo has been around since premiere...”

ls player>  ”really??? i didnt know that, okay here’s jedi luke, han, leia, chewie, clash vader, initiate battle, slice tarkin, teamwork, teamwork, teamwork, okay u lose tarkin and 27 more.”

me> (crying) ” boo hoo, this happens every time, IM SUCH A SCRUB!!!”

yeah, i know  i could play crush, and i probably should, but i really dont like turing clash of sabers into a ls fear.  the vader tarkin combo is powerful and if you want to use it, you have to have crush in the deck, and if you have crush you might as well run 2-3 i have you now, so thats about 6 cards you’d have to take out of the deck just so u can make vader and tarkin immune to attrition, or 1 weapon.

other cards that i have been testing lately...

chybc, somthing special planned for them, and trample


END CHANGES!!!

Good ole Hunt Down, nothing beats that...

well, at least Id like to think so anyway.

Usual start is prepared defenses for IAO, Mob pts, and an effect of your choice.  Usual first turn:  You probably wont have enough force for a first turn lord, so pull a db, rendili, and get an idea of what’s in your force pile that you might want to draw.  Then draw (if you need to) and eat the visage lose for a turn.  Turn 2:  Pull your other db (yay no more zeros!) and deploy vader, flip, weapon lev for his stick, and commence pummeling your opponent.

specific strategies...


vs ebo Ketwol

This is always a tight game.  Flip the objective asap, occupy the second db, and get SaD quick.  Pick your battles in space, and let the direct damage do it’s thing.  When your opponent starts playing a few manuevers, or any kind of used high destiny interrupt, play an omni box after they recirculate to screw their tracking.  Grab the first on the edge, and keep on draining.  The walkers and anything that’s immune to attrition will be huge cards in this game.  dont duel unless your sure to win!


vs TIGIH

Go get luke asap, keep vader in the hut until your sure theyre not playing speeders.  eloms shouldnt be a problem and scouts are a hassle but not invicible.  park your fleet at the endor system and keep a steady drain.  if they invade the executor, mara and some friends should take care of any insurrection.  try not to lose any battles cuz if vader gets crossed, you lose.  (and you will probably be laughed at)

vs HB 

Swarm:  Man i hate swarm decks, sigh.  If your expecting swarm, pack some monnoks, and maybe a sniper/dark strike in case of undercover spies.  Your battles in space are important, so make em count.  Make sure you got First Strike and Blast door controls out so they dont try anything funny.
Don’t let visage leave the table for long.  
Mains:  You should have no problem vs mains cuz youll be able to battle on the ground.  you are beaten will be huge to ensure multiple battles.  if they dont flip, theres no reason why you shouldnt win.  if they do flip, then you better find their hidden base fast.

Hunt down is pretty much suited to defeat just about any light side deck.  Especially now that most people are preparing to play against mkos, you should have the edge.  I cant really think of any other major strategies right now.  I usually play the deck very much the same all the time.  This deck has such good flow and balance, that its very easy and fun too play.  If anything comes up in the reviews, Ill edit the strategy section to suit.  Thanks in advance for all the reviews.

special thanks to...

steve, crazy hermit, kuperman
for all the tech, and playtesting

the whole thursday night crew at games plus
for weeks of playtesting

