---
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: Killing Court WYS Style
side: Light
date: 2001-01-21
description: Smuggler Shuffle, it doesn’t get any better than this!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Crap: (8)
WYS/TPCBALR
Tatooine
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
HFTMF
Menace Fades
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice

People To Play With: (18)
Lando With Vibrater x2
Chewbacca, Protector
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Wedgie x2
Jedi Luke
Talon Karrde x2
Palace Raider x2
Corran Horn
Han With Gun x2
Mirax Terrik
Luke With Saber
Dash Rendar
Boussh

Blue Crap: (5)
Millennium Falcon
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1
Outrider
Racing Skiff

Interrupts: (14)
Noble Sacrifice x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction x2
Control & Tunnel Vision x3
OOC & TT x2
Sorry About The Mess
The Signal x2
Rebel Barrier
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Pro

Effects: (6)
Nightfall x2
Tatooine Celebration
Battle Plan
Push Grabber x2

Places To Go Visit: (3)
Jabba’s Palace: Entrance Cavern
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Mos Eisley

Orders To Follow: (4)
I’ll Take The Leader x2
No Questions Asked x2

Toys To Play With: (2)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Mercenary Armor 

Strategy: 

Okay, to all of you who say this deck sucks... Noble Sacrifice sucks in this deck... well, I won’t trash you, I just challenge you to put it together and go play with it.  The title is just to say that Court is perhaps the most popular dark deck type out there right now, do not assume that it only performs well against Court (this deck just rocks!).

Nightfall is only good for 3 characters in the deck, first off, Lando, Leia, and Corran.. but those 3 characters just need to be in this deck... they make it go ’round.  Everything else is smugglers, most of them cheap or just outright powerful and useful.  Another good name for this deck is "Smuggler Shuffle," as I like to call it now.

Explination of the Smuggler Shuffle:
The simple shuffle is the Cantina Shuffle, split between Mos Eisley and the Cantina, drain at both places, move the rest over to join the group that moved first.  This accomplishes a drain of (most likely) 3, or can get some support out to where you need it quicker.  The other shuffle isn’t as outright powerful and very easy to overlook.  No Questions Asked allows a smuggler to make a regular move during your control phase OR fire a blaster.  Move the smuggler over to an adjacent site, then drain with both groups... during move phase move the rest of the group over, you have the smuggler shuffle.  Or you can use this to get a character to a nearby site to join in a battle during that same turn.

One of either of the shuffles is powerful, both together is just downright destructive.  Both work wonderfully with Tatooine Celebration to retrieve for 3 or 4 sites when only holding 2 down really well.  This allows for more drains, while not having to spread thin too, which is incredibly powerful.

If you do not like the "Smuggler Shuffle," then play just like everyone else and put I’ll Take The Leader out and drain for 2 at the DB 94.  I’ve never played well with the "in-crowd’s" ideas.

Aside from that this deck is just clockwork.  Get down on Tatooine fast, drain fast, draw some stuff, use Mirax to put useless stuff back and get better stuff to use, etc etc etc.  Drop Battle Plan and control the system only when it is convenient for you.  Don’t deploy EVERYTHING you got to hold down the system, quite frequently 1 or 2 of the ships can stave off attacks from court space... but don’t go head to head with dark side fleets or swarms, its just stupid.

To whomever said Noble Sacrifice hurts me more than helps.  Take this hypothetical situation into mind:  Mid-game, lots of characters are deployed... both players are settling in to where ever they may be.  He drops a character, you place a palace raider or some little guy out of play to retrieve 5 or more force.  I don’t see the problem there.  Palace Raiders are beef to Sac, 1 power, 2 at the Cantina... and there are a lot of characters with 2 power.  Even placing a demi-main out of play to retrieve as much as one would with a Kessel Run in the midgame can prove devistating, especially if you can replenish a stock of other characters to come back with.

If he comes down towards you on Tatooine, he’ll find that to be a mistake... multiple destinies, upwards of 3 and 4 with ease, 2 in the worst case, moderate power, and crazy forfeit.  So you leave him to either take some horrid force drains or get himself kicked around and drained again, either way he loses.

This deck wins easily when you play your own game, deck vs. deck strategies do nothing.  The easiest way to win a game is to play the deck as it was intended to play out.  This deck may look moderately sloopy on paper, but play it once and you’ll see that it is rediculously powerful and incredibly fun.  Finally those bums on Tatooine have something to cheer for!  This deck type and objective is going to quickly become the light side’s deck to beat. 