---
layout: archive
author: ! Darryll "217" Silva
title: ! "U want cheese u got it"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-11
description: ! "Well this is the cheese deck that will take any tourney that u want."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)

   Rebel Strike Team Super Racing Cheese

   Endor

   Rebel Landing Site

   Podrace Prep

   Podrace Arena

   Ani’s Pod

   Boonta Eve

   Strike Planning


Locations(2)

   Back Door

   Bunker


Characters(15)

   2x Qui-Gon

   Master Qui-Gon

   2x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

   2x Obi with Stick

   Orrimarko

   Corran Horn

   Melas

   Captain Han

   Gen. Crix

   Wedge Antilles

   Lt. Blount

   Naked Threepio


Starships(3)

   Home One

   Millenium Falcon

   Artoo in Red 5


Weapons(5)

   2x Explosive Charge

   2x QuiGons Blade

   Lukes Lightsaber


Effects(8)

   5x The shield is Down

   Projection of a Skywalker

   Battle Plan& Draw there fire

   Goo Ne Tay


Interrupts(17)

   3x Throw me another charge

   3x A step Backwards

   2x Sorry about the mess(old skool)

   Too close for comfort

   Changing the Odds

   OOC&TT

   Double Agent

   We wish to board at Once

   Sorry about the Mess&Blaster         Proficiency

   Run Luke, Run

   All Wings Report in& Darklighter Spin

   A few Manuvers


Purple(2)

   I did It

   Deactivate the Main Shield Generator

'

Strategy: '

*******UPDATE*************

some idiots think I will lose the race. I have NEVER lost a race and I NEVER will all those who put I have low destinies are phuking Dumb@sses. furthermore u all sux and u know I will beat u so dont screw my rating @#$%gots. here is a rundown of my destines(not including starting cards)


0’s- all get pulled

1’s-12

2’s-3

3’s-2

4’s-5

5’s-15

6’s-8

7’s-1


I WILL win the race ALWAYS so shuve it guys





NOTE I didn’t even know about Lingrell’s deck until last saturday at Garden Grove when a guy told me they were similar


well this deck is very basic. And I have lost 1game but it was to a  player that are rated about 1980 or such. Any I only lost by 9 which isn’t bad. my only loss was to John Patchell.

  The deck starts off very simple on the 1st turn you start the race and u will ALWAYS beat them...I am very confident because I have even beat a #’s Hunt Down racing which was a close race. anyways it was fun I ended up winning by 21 and I placed vader out play cuz Luke drew a 6 and a 7 that was that. anyways I got the game in the pocket. 


 1st turn this deck relies on The Shield is Down and u will usually get it in your starting hand so don’t fret. you pull Crix and get the Back Door and use 2 to get a card with your objective. You keep all the Bunker stuff in your hand and u wait til u have won the race and yo;u have backup to blow the Bunker. I usually blow the Bunker by turn 4, turn 5 at least.


Mid Game I have already blown the bunker and I now have a big force swing. In conjunction with I did It u now have a 18 force retrieval and a 36 force swing..And that usually seals the game and also u can get the bottom force of your force pile with I did It Just use your mains and kill the opponent 


Late Game the Game should be close to winding down by know. you should have a considerable advantage if not u should read the deck more. The longest my RST games have ever lasted was like around 30 minutes when I was going against Patch You may Start Your Landing. This game is light on characters but nobody wants to mess with jedi that pack sabers+high destiny,which is a considerable advantage.


Card Choices Sorry about the messx2- because sometimes u have to clear out the bunker and Lightsabers do that nicely.

Jedi Squad- because nobody like LSJK adn Qui-Gon in the bunker with the charges that will make any match even. 

Capt. HAn and the Falcon- because the darklighter combo will pull the ship and the destiny is nice with melas and Wedge with him.

Home One- Nice power and helps to nullify Zuckuss.


Matchups are solid and you should be able to manhandle your opponent so this should be a no brainer. just play smart and use like 1 jedi and support to stay at the bunker and the other jedi’s to get the smackdown layed on the opponent


wll that’s my 2 cents. =)

-217- Late  '