---
layout: archive
author: ! Brian "HuntaWarya" Hunter
title: ! "MKOS done RIGHT aka How to Qualify for Worlds"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-17
description: ! "The undefeated MKOS deck that has won tourneys before, during, and after the Denver World Qualifier Weekend."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

My Kind of Scum/The Camp says I can’t flip this Card


Locations (7)

Tatooine Desert Heart

Tatooine Jabba’s Palace

JP Audience Chamber

JP Lower Passages

Executor Docking Bay

Fondor

Tatooine


Characters (20)

Ig-88 with Riot Gun

Mighty Jabba

Commander Merrejk

Admiral Piett

Prince Xizor

Admiral Ozzel

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Guri

Dr. Evazan/Ponda Baba

Epp Vader x2

Grand Moff Tarkin

4-Lom with Concussion Rifle

Dengar with Blaster Carbine

Gailid

Mara Jade

Darth Maul

Emperor Palpatine

Janus Greejatus

Aurra Sing


Starships (5)

Executor

Stinger

Boba Fett in Slave I

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Chimaera


Interrupts (13)

Prepared Defenses

You Are Beaten

Imperial Command x3

Twilek Advisor x2

Ghhhk

Masterful Move

Sniper/Dark Strike

Control/Set For Stun

Weapon Levitation

Imperial Barrier


Effects (12)

Battle Order

Search & Destroy

There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

Bad Feeling Have I

Tatooine Occupation

Secret Plans

Something Special Planned for Them

Imperial Arrest Order

Mobilization Points

You Cannot Hide Forever

Fanfare

There’ll Be Hell To Pay


Podracers (1)

Sebulba’s Podracer


Weapons (1)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Ever in the mood to play some dark side mains?  Ever just want to drop cool characters all over the place and kill everything your opponent puts out?  Do you like to end your games with your opponent having ZERO cards with ability still surviving on the table?  Wanna have sizable drains and potent direct damage while you’re at it?  Then you’ve come to the right place....


Starting setup

Start Jabba’s palace as your JP site, unless playing against profit, in which case you may start the Lower Passages instead.  Always start Imperial Arrest Order.  the forfeit bonus is very important, and since this deck likes to spread and drain to cause more occupation damage, nabrun leids is your enemy.  Other starting effects may vary, but Mobilization Points is a good choice if you don’t really need something else.  3rd effect will normally be TINT/OE, YCHF, or something to stop retrieval (either secret plans or SSPFT, depending on what kind of deck you are facing)  You will rarely want to start with fanfare or battle order.


Early game

My first turn normally goes as follows 1) Play Imperial command to get Piett.  2) Pull the executor with mob points.  3) activate  4) pull a JP site with Jabba’s Palace  5) Pull the exec. db with IAO  6) deploy piett to the exec. db  7) use piett to pull merrejk  8) deploy merrejk to the exec db  9) use merrejk to deploy fondor  10) draw leftover force, if any.  This can often lead to a 2nd turn deployment of the executor, while you pull your other JP site, and the tatooine system, then either add ozzel as the pilot of the Executor, or move merrejk/piett to the bridge.  You will normally deploy to space before deploying to the tatooine sites.  you will often have all of your locations on the table on turn 2, so activation is rather good (regardless of whether Don’t do that again is preventing extra activation at your docking bay.)  Deploy helpful effects.


Mid Game

Twilek for more helpful effects.  You will generally want to move the executor to tatooine, since you can be drained for 2 there, but only 1 at the fondor system.  Use imperial command to get thrawn out.  put him on the chimaera if possible.  you can also get Guri onto the stinger, unless you fear x-wing cannons, then you can just use her on the capitals.  Against a destiny-adding mains deck, or a WYS/palace raider deck, you can consider using her on the ground.  Deploy characters to your tatooine sites to set up Occupation, and don’t forget to use the AC text to get more firepower out of your deck.  


Late Game

Your strategy is now effectively up and running, so it’s time to cause disruption.  Space decks will have to spread out, so the Mist Hunter can cause problems (especially with 4-lom aboard), and you can also use Slave I for surgical strikes using tracked destiny.  Against these decks, search & destroy and battle order can be of great help.  Against ground decks, your opponent will almost certainly come to your turf, because you cause more damage on the ground than they will.  So you will have to allocate more characters to fight off what your opponent has deployed to your sites.  Certain light decks will keep at least a few characters off tatooine in order to accomplish their own gameplan.  (QMC and RST are both good examples)  You can use whatever leftover characters you have to attack on their territory.  (Maul is particularly good at invading Endor)  Just drain where possible, create some consistent damage with the occupation, and battle battle battle.  You’ve got tons of characters, with tons of built-in weapons and other useful text, and a few interrupts to sway things even further in your favor.  The Imperial Commands that you’ve cycled back to can now be used to add/limit battle destiny, to ensure your longevity in space.  


Most of the card choices should be pretty straightforward.  Here are a couple cards that you may not have expected.


You Are Beaten  Just 3 sabers in the deck, but I get a surprising amount of use out of this card, for the purpose of excluding characters I don’t like.  Furthermore, I use this card in any deck that contains vaders but no lord vaders, just in case of the ol’ Uncontrollable Fury.


Bad Feeling Have I  Now that nobody starts this card anymore (because they are busy starting watto’s box or 3 effects that are immune to alter), many people seem to have forgotten how potent it is.  Definitely can make or break a game


Stinger  I just like deploying guri for free.  that makes me happy.  If I get to add a battle destiny because she’s on the ship, even better.


Barrier/ghhhk  one can never be too careful, especially when one likes to put dorks like merrejk at their docking bay early.


Fett in Slave I  every ship in the deck either has immunity, (executor < 12, Chimaera <6, Slave I <5, Stinger <5), or some other means of stopping attrition (Mist Hunter reducing destiny to 0)  I considered using the Hound’s tooth instead of Slave I, but this worked out much better in playtesting.


Grabber  This card is possibly extraneous.  the other effects in the deck will cover almost everything you might need a grabber for.  But you can always use this as added defense against CC sabaac, ICBW, We’re Doomed, or even Shocking information (so that your opponent cannot keep cancelling your scomp link)  Fanfare needs to be in the deck to stop OTE, and it lets you pull this card from your deck, so why not?  And OE/TINT needs to be in the deck to stop SAC, and lets you deploy this card for free, so why not?


Best cards to add to the deck if you see something you want to take out  Blizzard 2, Boelo, or possibly Presence of the Force.


This deck is a true juggernaut, and has no ”natural predators” in the current play environment.  What does the light side have to offer that this deck hasn’t already beaten down? 


QMC?  Beat it.  RST Boomrace?  Beat it.  HB Flip?  Beat it.  Hidden Mains?  Beat it.  EBO?  Beat it.  WYS with racing?  Beat it.  WYS without racing?  Beat it.  The Brilliant Pile?  Beat it.  MBO?  Beat it.  So what can stop you?  RTP?  Profit?  MWYHL?  Nope, nope, and nope.  The light side’s got nothin’ for ya.  So go out there and win Gen Con already, because this is ”How to Qualify for Worlds.”  It worked for me, it can work for you.    '