---
layout: archive
author: ! Efridge "Efridge" Engelhardt
title: ! "Efridge’s NMNPND done RIGHT"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-22
description: ! "this is pretty generic watto. i built it in 10 mins saturday morning and at the side gaming events it only lost once to a power pivoting ten numb."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective

No Money, No Parts, No Deal/You can be my slave baby.


Locations (6)

Tatooine Watto’s Junkyard

Tatooine Mos Espa

Tatooine

Fondor

D2 Docking Bay

Executor Docking Bay


Effects (13)

Fear Is My Ally

Lateral Damage

Colo Claw Fish

Tatooine Occupation

The Phantom Menacex3

Blast Door Controls

Something Special Planned For Them

No Escape

Imperial Decree

IAO/Secret Plans

Mobilization Points


Interrupts (15)

Prepared Defenses

Masterful Move/Endor Occupation

Scanning Crew

Imperial Barrierx2

You Are Beaten

I Have You Now

Weapon Levitation

Force Lightning

We Much Accelerate Our Plans

Maul Strikesx2

Imperial Commandx3


Blue Stuff (5)

Blizzard 4

Executor

Chimaera

Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter


Weapons (2)

Mara’s Saber

Maul’s x2bladed Saber


Characters (18)

EPP Vaderx2

Wattox3

Darth Maulx2

Emperor Palpatinex2

Admiral Piett

Commander Merrejk

Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter

Mara Jade

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Admiral Ozzel

Sim Aloo

Janus Greejatus

Admiral Chiraneau


'

Strategy: '

Okay, the thing i like about this deck is there really isnt any pressure into trying to flip first turn. Needless to say, if i have mara in my opening hand, ill be flipping, but it isnt super crucial.

Its pretty basic. before you activate, go get your big ship. Get a docking bay, throw merrejk there if at all possible (piett, imperrial command==piett) chances are, youll get him out.

I personally start iao/secret plans, Imperial decree, and mob points. the imperial decree space can be switched with something else, it really doenst matter, just whatever your tastes are. i personally think most of the other effects have their surprises when deployed, and you have accelerate to go get what you need, if you need something bad.


something i hear quite a bit is why do i play so many maul supporting cards with only 2 darth mauls in the deck? (phantom menacex3 and maul strikesx2) the answer i give is that both are high destiny that i can stack on claw fish, and one can be deployed if someone were to actually pay 2 force via objective. you can take em out, but they are personal favorites.


alot of people dont expect scanning crew, so it catches people by surprise, and it is a lifesaver from time to time, especially when you dont have a barrier in your hand and you dont know if its safe to leave watto alone or not.


idealy on 2nd turn you can deploy executor and move one of your random admirals from the docking bay up to the bridge and fly over to tatooine if possible. that way you can shuttle your people around if your in a mess. by 5th to 9th turn you should have both of your sites fortified and setting up occupation via accelerate or janus.

two things to be really careful of are lost in the wilderness and suprise assaut, those will lose you the game. if you have watto, emperor and posse at the junkyard and there is any reason to think they have an assualt in their hand, just skrew the drain of 2 and let the occupation and space drains kill em. you have 4 characters with 12 power there, that can cost you 14 cards against a skilled player. something you may want to add is tarkin’s orders, besides cancelling that damned assault, it has many other uses too.


another note, if someone drop dont do that again shield, just throw zuckuss up at the system and protect him with barrier.


well, good luck and i hope you have fun with it.


-efridge


BTW, if you review this Hunter, keep in mind i put ”Done RIGHT” in the title, haha


ilak2m@aol.com    '