---
author: Josh "Sachmo" Rohrig
title: Shhhh! I am Mining Here v2.0
side: Light
date: 2001-07-05
description: QMC deck using the new effect. I always liked the deck, so I thought I would give it a shot.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

QMC  (s)
Bespin  (s)
Guest Quarters  (s)
Carbo Chamber 
North Corridor
Lower Corridor
Core Tunnel

Qui-Gon Jinn
EPP Obi x2
EPP Luke x2
EPP Leia x2
Melas
Corran Horn
Tawss Khaa
Cpt. Han x2
ECC Lando
Elyhk Ryhue
Major Haash’n
Pucumir Thryss x2

Liberty
Red 7
Spiral
Falcon

Qui-Gonn’s Saber

Jedi’s Resilience x3
Jedi’s Concentration x3
Path of LEast Resistance x3
Rebel Barrier x3
Out of Commission x2
OOC/TT
The Signal 
Changing the Odds
SATM/BP x2
HFTMF  (s)
Courage of a Skywalker

KTEOF  (s)
CC Celebration
Menace Fades
HotJ
DDTA
DtF
Bacta Tank
WYTTPOU?
DODN/WA
Squad Assmts. 

Strategy: 

This is the new deck after I took all of the reviews into consideration.  I first off added a lot more sites.  Although I stil like to flip fast.  SOmetime you may have to use one of the once-per turn "tunnel Visions" to get your sites out.  I added more characters, mainly aliens to make use of the flip side of the objective and to add destiny with Lando.  I changed the ships around a lot.  Liberty, Falcon, and Red 7 are in- Home One and Independence are out.  This is because starfighters can go to CC (the sector) and kill of whatever is there if the opponent  plays with it.  I added an aditional PoLR, as well as some Barriers.  I got rid of the podracer because I can just retrieve  force to make up for it.  The  destiny isn’t the highest  average but it is decent, and I have many ways of getting more than one destiny.  Same basic strategy goes for the deck though.

The new effect makes this take just amazing.  It had potetnial before, but there wasnt enough room in a deck to put it all- now with the built in TV there is.  Sites are basic- limit opponents force drain while maximizing yours.  The characters are basic- EPPs to make use of the great new interrupt.  

My area usually has lots of dueling Hunt Down, and will proably see more with the addition of Maul, so there is lots of protection from that.  DDTA is good because you can pull the immediate effects, and it cancels Mob Points.

The interrupts are mainly defensesive, allowing you to pick and chose what battles you want to happen on CC.  Decent retrieval from Celebration can help.  Changing the Odds is good, because it can hurt those decks that search every turn to help them track- because a lot of the high destinies DS has are interrupts, this simply gets rid of them.  

There isn&#8217;t much  of a strategy because there isn&#8217;t much for this type of deck.  This is basically mains and toys based off of Cloud City.  ANy questions or suggestions- let me know.  Thanks

Josh
