---
author: Scot "The Ithorian" Vales
title: Big Red OR No Characters Allowed
side: Light
date: 2001-06-30
description: This deck was originally made on a bet that I could build a deck without characters.  This always catches them by surprise.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Dejarik Holotable
Heading For The Medical Frigate

Location:
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well

Characters:
Boushh
TK-422

Interrupts:
Either Way You Win
Blue Milk (x3)
Counter Assault (x4)
Help Me Obi-Wan Kenobi
Control (x2)
Star Destroyer!
Critical Error Revealed
It Could Be Worse (x6)
Out O Commission & Trans. Terminated
It’s A Hit!
Lost In The Wilderness
Out of Commission
Away Put Your Weapon (x2)
Let The Wookiee Win
The Signal (x2)
Transmission Terminated
Grimtassh

Effects:
Anger, Fear, Aggression (x16)
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
Battle Order
Goo Nee Tay
Projection of A Skywalker (x2)
Wars Not Make One Great
Honor of The Jedi 

Strategy: 

The original idea behind this deck was on a bet.  I overheard someone telling a new player that every deck needs between ten and twenty cards with ability.  

The idea here is to do direct damage.  There is no need to engage in those costly battles when you can let them actually kill themselves.  Here lies the basic premise: Anger, Fear, Agression lets them hurt themselves.  It is the deck that got me named after a species of pacifists.

Let me explain the cards one-by-one:

Dejarik Hologamboard: This is a great starting location.  Usually, they can not deploy here and it garuntees you a place to Force Drain.

Yoda’s Hut: You get Force, they do not.

Boushh and TK-422: A late addition after I proved a deck without characters could work.  UC spies are always helpful.

Either Way You Win and Blue Milk: Nice recirculating destinies and forces the inserts to the top.

Coutner Assault: With your average destiny >4, you stand a great chance to really do some damage.  (You will never feel so glad to see Mosep.)

Help Me Obi-Wan Kenobi, Mantellian Savrip, and Critical Error Revealed: A hologram that you might not get a chance to play too often.

Control and It Could Be Worse: That Force drain damage they do is not so scary anymore, is it?

Star Destroyer!: Track this destiny 7 card for anything!

Out Of Commission, Transmission Terminated, and the combo card: All of them are destiny 5, used, and usefull.  I originally used that TT to get them if they come to the Holotable with Image of the Dark Lord or Visage.

It’s a Hit!: Cancels It’s Worse

Lost In The Wilderness: Darth anyone isn’t as scary.  Sure, I’ll play your Hunt Down deck.  Let’s each take one damage each turn.  The game is more fun when the lose from their Reserve.  OK, hunt down my Queen...

Away Put Your Weapon: Recirculating 5 that reduces their Force drains.  Too bad Mara can only get her weapon once per game.

Let The Wookiee Win: It doesn’t happen often, but when they come to the holotable to avoid the AFA loss, you get them with battle damage.

Grimtassh: Useful card that is a hologram.

Anger, Fear, Agression: They can’t stop it.  Eventually it comes to the top.  4 damage and you can make it come.

Traffic Control: With so many high destiny effects and lost interrupts, why not?!?  It also protects those cards that you have multiples of from Monnok.

Battle Plan, Wars Not Make One Great, and Goo Nee Tay: The more your opponent uses, the more they must activate.

Projection of a Skywalker: A hologram that will also give you Force drain +1 at your starting location.


Your third starting effect depends on how they start (I have tried it once or twice with only two).

Keep in mind, you bring up Anger, Fear, Agression every phase...
ACTIVATE: This is self-explanitory
CONTROL: If they didn’t activate, they can’t Force Drain
DEPLOY: Very expensive deploying
BATTLE: I don’t think so.
DRAW: In a panic, they decide that to beat you, they must advance their strategy and get more cards.  Too bad this means that they must activate more next turn!

Part of winning with this deck is a psychology game.  Let them panic a little when you hurt them and they can’t hurt you.
Another part of winning comes with practice with the deck.  To really be effective, you must play the cards at carefully planned times and phases.  Try this out and see when you find cards to be most effective.
Finally, the reason this works so well, is that no one expects it!  Most readers of this deck probably doubt it even as they read this -- TRY IT! You too will be surprised with this unorthodox deck strategy.

Remember, the key is to survive long enough to make every AFA pop up. 


This deck I have played for three years because it wins!  This game took me through when I won my first tournament.

The original draft also used Eyes in The Dark and Restricted Deployment (both 5 destiny) which only amplify the psychology game.

I reccomend trying out this deck before rating it.

Thanks for reading.  
Remember, what they do not expect, will kill them.

Scot Vales
The Ithorian 