---
layout: archive
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "Quitely Observing The Colony of 1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-05
description: ! "Please take not if there are @#%$ or a lot of ? then it’s Decktech’s fault not mine. :) Enjoy"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'An Unusual Amount Of Fear

Only Jedi Carry That Weapon

Ultimatum

Do Or Do Not

Aim High

Wise Advice

Another Pathetic Lifeform

He Can Go About His Business

Battle Plan

Don?t Do That Again

A Tragedy Has Occurred


Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operations

Bespin

Cloud City Guest Quarters

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Keeping The Empire Out Forever

Menace Fades

Squadron Assignments


Cloud City North Corridor

Cloud City West Gallery


Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2

Luke With Lightsaber x2

Leia With Blaster Rifle x2

Qui-Gon Jinn With Lightsaber x2

Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Tawss Khaa

Melas

Pucumir Thryss

Corran Horn

Ten Numb

Dash Rendar

Threepio With His Parts Showing

Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel x2


X-Wing Laser Cannon

Intruder Missile


Han, Chewie, And The Falcon

Outrider

Blue Squadron 5

Spiral

Red Squadron 1


Off The Edge

Houjix & Out Of Nowhere

Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency

Life Debt

Dodge

Clash Of Sabers

Legendary Starfighter

Cloud City Celebration

Goo Nee Tay

Punch It

Honor Of The Jedi

Don?t Underestimate Our Chances

Rebel Barrier

Power Pivot

Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated

I Don?t Need Their Scum, Either

The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach

Path Of Least Resistance x3

A Jedi?s Resilience x2

Run Luke, Run

A Few Maneuvers


I?ll Take The Leader '

Strategy: '

Okay first off I would like to say that this deck was made before and remade and then when I saw Bastians deck I remade it with a few of his ideas. So the credit from Bastian would be the following A Few Maneuvers, Power Pivot, Don’t Underestimate Our Chances and Dodge. So thanks man.


As for the rest of the deck itself it’s what I’ve been working on since Keeping The Empire Out Forever came out. I’ve made several copies of this deck but they all had low destiny cause of the lightsabers and what not. Now that Qui-Gon Jinn With Lightsaber is out I can remove all the weapons and go with the characters and A Jedi?s Resilience which really helps. Originally I had 3 in the deck but found that 3 was to much since I would retrieve them from Cloud City Celebration so I dropped 1 and it’s worked well as a matter of fact it works quite well.


So looking it over your probably wondering if I activate enough force to do what I want and the answer is yes. I have yet to have a problem with activation (knock on wood) but I get 2 from Bespin, 2 from Guest Quarters, 1 from Qui-Gon (when he’s out), 1 for me 2 for the North Corridor and 2 from the West Gallery that makes 10 force not counting what my opponent gives me. Even when I played against a Goo Nee Tay start deck I still had enough. The opponent needed somewhere to deploy and provided me with 3 force which was plenty. Again, AJR is tech I loose Qui-Gon With Stick then I get him in my hand w/AJR then get that back It all works nice.


As for the deck itself you need to be somewhat of an advanced player it’s not just something your can throw together and play you have to have certain strategy to follow you have to know when to do something and I can’t really explain what or when that is you just have to know what it is when you play if you want other assistance then please let me know via D-Mail or e-Mail and I will answer what I can to help you.


MATCH-UP


This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don?t Alter It Any Further

This is ideally the best match up for my deck It brings them to me immediately and I can use the bonuses of Lando and AJR to keep the people alive as well as reacting to or from the battle with Path so that I don’t get beat down almost all the people in the deck (I mean the mains) can make use of Dodge and from there I battle when I can and try to set up my opponent for the Lando Battle (which usually doesn’t happen) and for space I can hold the system because most TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF decks don’t run a lot of high powered space. If they do I have the Punch It Out Of Nowhere and Life Debt to handle that. If they play Imp. Command then I run 1 destiny a turn and use my weapons to get them out if at all possible Dash + Corran Horn + Outrider handles the bigger stuff for little power.


Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Typical to This Deal I just wait for the Man to come to me and then I beat him out. I usually don’t deploy Luke or Obi till I see Vader hit the table even with the destinies in the deck I still want to make sure that I can handle them at my leisure I’m not to worried about Darth Maul vs. Qui-Gon Duel cause that usually takes time for them to set up and blind dueling isn’t that smart against me I have little tricks like moving away before he can battle or initiate the duel either way a close game.


My Lord Is That Legal/I Will Make It Legal

It it’s the ground draining version of this deck then you have no problem go beat them up. If it’s the space version then be careful watch for the Imp. Command and make sure you snatch that with your grabber from the Side deck. Other than that just sit at Bespin and retrieve and force drain remember Pucumir adds to drains.


My Kind Of Scum/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Well I can?t honestly say I haven’t seen this deck in sometime so I don’t know quite how to react to it I would take it for what it is and then battle and force drain like I would most any deck.


Let Them Make The First Move/At Last We Will Have Our Revenge 

Again another tough match up try to stave off deploying your Jedi right away and drop them on their sites and then battle cause they can?t battle where theirs are against you so that’s your bonus and with their Objective on the side of 0 you can’t force drain where you have a Jedi so you need to watch that. Make sure you have Path in hand and other cards to hold the fort and space shouldn?t be too much of a problem.


Otherwise just hold off on the characters and you shouldn?t have much of a problem from then on.


Other Types

Just play intelligently like you were playing against Hunt Down and Let Them Make The First Move that?s pretty much how the deck is played. If you don?t then you may have a problem or three but otherwise it should hold it?s own against most everything.


Enjoy

-Kubaz Collector-


'