---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: The Last Command
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-07
description: Thrawn will bring the Emire back to it’s former control fo the galaxy. Endor Ops that beats the @#$% out of the lightside!
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(8) 

Endor Operations/Big Blue Base 
Endor 
Endor:Bunker 
Endor:Landing Platform 
Prepared Defenses 
Mobilization Points 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Power of thw Hutt 

Locations(7) 

Sullust 
Kashyyyk 
Kessel 
Rendili 
Endor: Forest Clearing 
Death Star II:Docking Bay 
Executor: Docking Bay 

Characters(14) 

Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Admiral Chiraneau 
Admiral Piett 
Admiral Ozzel 
Captain Gilead Pellaeon 
Commander Merrejk
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith 
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Prince Xizor 
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle 
Ephant Mon 
U-3PO 
Guri 

Big Blue(12) 

Chimaera 
Avenger 
Dominator 
Dreadnaught Heavy Class Cruiser x2 
Devastator 
Zuckass in Mist Hunter 
Bossk in Hounds Tooth 
Dengar in Punishing One 
Virago 
Stinger 
Tempest 1 

Effects(11) 

Ominous Rumors 
Imperial Decree 
Something Special Planned For Them Perimeter Patrol 
Battle Order 
There’ll be Hell to Pay 
Lateral Damage 
Secret Plans 
Oppressive Enforcement 
You Cannot Hide Forever 
Combat Response 


Interrupts(8) 

Imperial Command x4 
Masterful Move 
Ghhhk & TRWEU 
Twilek Advisor 
Always Thinking With Your Stomach  

Strategy: 

Setting Up: Before you activate pull out Rendili, Then activate and use Endor Ops to search for Ominous Rumors. Pull out A docking bay put 
down Janus, Igar, or Tarkin to the bunker and deploy Ominous Rumors Patrol. Then Send YCHF to pull our Perimeter Patrol Deploy and draw a if you have to darw 1 or 2. Setup in space quick and if they come to fight beat them down with all you’ve got. Use your multiple destny’s from Thrawn, Bossk, and Imperial command. Drain if they don’t come to you and if they play dumb you can beat them down on the ground. 

The Cards: Lateral Damage the Super Falcon and slow their activation and drains with Battle Order. Cancel their force drain bonuses with decree. Retrieve with First Strike. Cancel their retrieval with Something Special Planned for them. If you get in trouble and use GHHHK and Projective Telaphthy to keep you alive. Make luke go missing with ATWYS. This deck is fun to play and it wins. 

Thanks for reading and Reviewing.  