---
author: Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: Ryp’s: Jar-Jar Deck of Tricky Tech
side: Light
date: 2001-12-12
description: Here’s my award winning Jar Jar Binks deck.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start: [7]
Coruscant: Jedi Council
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin’s Podracer
Seeking an Audience
An Unusual Amount of Fear
Start Your Engines

**SHIELDS: [10] **
A Tragedy Has Occured
Ournee Ta
Don’t Do That Again
Your Insight Serves You Well
Do or Do Not
Wise Advice
He Can Go About His Business
Aim High
A Close Race
Battle Plan

Locations: [1]
Kirdo III

Droids: [1]
Naked Threepio

Events: [1]
I Did IT!

Weapons: [3]
Luke’s Saber
Qui-Gon’s Saber
Jar Jar’s Electrople

Jedi Masters: [2]
Tatooine Qui-Gon
Reflections 3 Qui-Gon

Starships: [3]
Radiant 7
Queen’s Ship
Falcon

Republicans: [3]
Ric Olie
Captain Madakor
Lieutenant Williams

Aliens: [3]
Jar Jar Binks x3

Rebels: [5]
Lando, Scoundrel
Pissed Off Chewie
EPP Han
EPP Chewie
Jedi Knight Luke

Immediate Effects: [2]
A Vergence in the Force x2

Effects: [6]
Hiding In the Garbage
Honor of the Jedi
Opee Sea Killer
Bacta Tank
Brisky Mornin Munchen x2

Used Interrupts: [17]
Rebel Artillery x2
Rebel Barrier x4
Out of Commission x3
It Could Be Worse x3
Bith Shuffle / Desperate Reach x2
Gimme a Lift x2
Strike Blocked

Used or Lost Interrupts: [1]
Out of Commission / Transmission Terminated

Lost Interrupts: [5]
A Step Backwards x4
Lost in the Wilderness


Strategy: 

STRATEGY: Every card in the deck either affects Jar Jar in some way, helps the podrace, sets up a beatdown, or attempts to manipulate the opponent.

Jar Jar Helper Cards:

Jar Jar x3
Gimme a Lift x2
his Electrople
His Tank: x2

Gimme a Lift is t3ch for an Episode 1 jar Jar deck, and as I see it, its rather impressive in the open {full} format as well. You let Jar Jar blow-up, drop him on the munchen, and take him back into hand {and recyclying and tracking a 5}. 

GOOD COMBO: Jar Jar/Electrople + Qui-Gon/Saber = Good size Beatdown

Ya have Jar Jar hit someone with the ’trople making them power -2, then have him blow up and kill a DIFFERENT character, and then have Qui-Gon chop up whoever’s left. 

Opee Sea Killer does several things, ONE:, it stacks one of their cards, thus reducing their deck by 1, TWO:, it messes up their tracking a little bit {an experienced player should be able to overcome this though}, THREE:, it can make them lose force {which is always a bonus}. 

There is 4 A Step Backwards to help me win the podrace. 

Barriers/It Could Be Worse’s help limit the damage.

The Ref.3 Qui-Gon and Strike Blocked are my Combat protection.

Reason for Kirdo III: It gives me a drain of 1, 1 force to activate, an option to search my deck {to varify whats in it for destiny, etc.}, and it gives the opponent no options of a drain.

There’s everything ya should know...    