---
author: jason "zwitter" baretta
title: TIGIH non flip beatdown
side: Light
date: 2001-04-28
description: drain the hell out of them ASAP. when they send down vader or any imperial to grab luke, spank them with EPP and EXPANDED execution squads.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

start:10
TIGIH
i feel the conflict
chirpa’s hut
endor:db
luke, rebel scout
luke’s saber
staging areas
YISYW
DODN/WA
HFTMF

LOCATIONS:4
home one:db
rendvzous point
yoda’s hut
cantina

CHARACTERS:17
obi-wan EPP x2
leia EPP x2
han EPP 
general solo
chewie protector
corran horn 
orrimarko 
taws khaa
lando w/axe
ithorian x2
KFC
admiral ackbar
blount
palace raider

SHIPS:2
home one x2

VEHICLES:1
racing skiff

EFFECTS:6
aim high
draw their fire
grabber
disarmed
oonee ta
goo nee tay

INTERRUPTS:20
nabrun leids x2
sorry & blaster prof. x2
clash of sabers
gambler’s luck
i know 
warrior’s courage
OOC & TT x2
bith shuffle & des. reach
the signal
fallen portal x2
nar shaddaa & OOS
rebel leadership
courage of a skywalker
glancing blow
control & tunnel vision
rebel barrier


Strategy: 

UPDATED*:first of al thatnks for the review mr. Nymph.second of all for all the people who said if they drop an imperial on the endor db 1st to screw me that is not so. if they do that they lose 2 force, i save for 2 or  turns take a drain of 1, then kill who ever has luke with an EPP or spy + main. then luke comes back and starts draining again.


this deck is fast, activates very quick and can battle and drain. basically just drain at the docking bay for 2 from the second turn until your opponent is forced to come to you. few decks can ignore this quick drain and when they come to captured luke use EPP’s and battle interrupts like blaster prof. and destiny adders to kill lukes escort and win battles and take cards with i feel the conflict. the ithorians can pump the drains up on endor while nabrun leids transports obi and co. where ever they need to go (even with IAO). now for a few match ups this deck has played.(it is undeffeated in it’s short tournement life.)

VS. BHBM
well against this vader deck you probably get luke captured pretty quickly,so your activation will be cut low.Even if luke is captured by vader their own objective will kill them. Unless your opponent is running 5 times SARKLI i wouldn’t worry about him to much, even if he or any other imp captures luke they lose the 2 force you would drain them for anyway. They lose force from either your objective or theirs so when they spread out to drain spank them.

vs. MKOS
If they come at you with little aliens their is enough cards eg fallen portal to kill them at your db or their palace.Lando and EPP’s should be able to deploy or nabrun leids into their sites to slow them down while you drain at the db with luke and ithorians.

vs. RALTIRR OP’S
start oounee ta {instead of YISYW}to activate and deploy for nothing.Use the standard anti raltirr strategy,stop them from flipping and drain elsewhere.If they get luke kill the escort and grab him back.

vs. HUNT DOWN
cancel visage ASAP w/ spies or TT send your mains down with multiple destiny adders to kill vader.They cant duel when they capture luke and if your dumb enough to deploy obi you deserve to lose but their is duel protection is in their anyway.if their playing the new non duel super visage version then get spies to their holotheatre or nabrun leids in there and drain away.

Just to finish, the reason why I use luke, rebel scout is that if you get jedi luke lost in the bushes you die real quick.the racing skiff just seems to stick to the raider.
Feel free to give me feedback regarding your thoughts on this deck or any success you might have with it in a tournament. dunka
