---
author: Troy "Rycar & Boy" Drinkard
title: Fearless and Inventive
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-19
description: The only time you will see a chevin other than Ephant Mon...
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: (1)
My Kind Of Scum/Fearless and Inventive

Locations: (6)
Tat: Desert Heat*
Tat: Jabba’s Palace*
JP: Lower Passages
JP: Entrance Cavern
JP: Audience Chamber
Carida

Starships: (4)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One

Characters: (22)
3 Ephant Mon
3 Chevin
2 Guri
2 4-Lom w/ Concussion Rifle
2 IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
Bib Fortuna
2 Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Snoova
Mara Jade
Cloud City Technician
Boelo
Gailid
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine

Interrupts: (13)
2 Imperial Barrier
2 None Shall Pass
2 Abyssin Ornament
Prepared Defenses*
Jabba’s Through With You
2 Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch
Point Man
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down

Effects: (12)
Power of the Hutt*
No Bargain*
Mobilization Points*
Search and Destroy
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned for Them
Hutt Influence
3 There’ll Be Hell to Pay
Scum and Villainy

Weapons: (2)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vibro-Ax 

Strategy: 

Update for all of you that don’t know what Chevins do (that is, those who gave me those crap ratings): Chevins satisfy all attrition when forfeited at the same site as an alien leader, meaning multiple battle destinies mean nothing but power, and you won’t have to forfeit your key characters against mains.

If any of you know about Watch Your Step decks at all, you will know that WYS is the deck worried about Scum, NOT the other way around. This deck prevents the overuse of interrupts with the grabbers, and prevents retrieval with Secret Plans and Something Special Planned for Them.

For all of you STUPID chumps that say Chevins suck, remember that this deck doesn’t revolve around them. The only thing that matters is you get one at a battle ground and flip the objective. After that, you can forfeit them to save your key characters, and then the next turn you can retrieve them and do the same thing. 

Everyone else please don’t be MORONS like some of the people who have rated this deck already.

*=Starting cards, every time.

First of all, a couple of random comments. Thanks to Stimmed Jim who changed the strategy of MKOS altogether with his deck, and for the inspiration of this deck. Also I would like to say to whoever is in charge of this site, ”yield” is spelled as so. In your ”Deck Search” section you switched the ”i” and the ”e.” Remember kids, ”i” before ”e” except after ”c” or in a ”weird” exception. Haha.. just kiddin around. But still, it would be more professional looking. Moving on..

This deck isn’t like other MKOS decks in that it doesn’t focus on a swarm but power in other ways. This deck isn’t so card intensive as a swarm deck, and it has better chances of surviving in most tournaments. If you know what the cards in the deck do, you should know the strategy, which is simple. If you are still unclear on things, please refer to Stimmed Jim’s deck. 

The first few turns should be deploying what your starting cards allow you to deploy. You can get all of your sites out by turn four or so, and you can also get characters out with Power of the Hutt. Ephant Mon, Jabba, and Gailid go to the Audience Chamber, and deploy one character (or more if you need to, hopefully you will be able to tell when this is the case) at each other JP site to force drain. With the objective flipped, you don’t madly deploy characters all over JP, but you wait and take out their characters. IG and 4Lom are awesome for this, as 4Lom can remove gametext and IG can capture. Your battle destinies will be high, and your force draining is safe at Jabba’s Palace because of your power.

Matchups:
vs. Hidden Base Space:
This is all too easy. Search and Destroy + Hutt Influence which prevents them from cancelling your drains will kill them. You have random BH ships which can take out lone X-Wings. Save your Dengar for space.

vs. Hidden Base Mains (no flip): This is a little bit harder, but you should be ok. The force choke won’t matter since you have all your locations out early. If they are playing Nadine (well, this goes for any deck), get IG-88 to kill him or capture him, depending on what other characters he may have their. Basically you win because of the drains which go up to eight to ten. Grab any interrupts that they use to retrieve.

vs. Watch Your Step:
Use Point Man to cancel the Order To Engage (especially handy against any deck playing OTE+Bo Shuda). Grab the important interrupts to prevent multiple plays, and waste their smugglers on the ground with your bounty hunters. Use SHUOSHD to cancel Bacta Tank. Don’t play with the Falcon.

vs. Dagobah:
Yes, testing will slow your drains, but you will force drain for enough with what you have and Search and Destroy will help more. Grab any retrieval. This should be a win.

That’s the deck. Please ask before giving a bad review. Thanks a bunch.
Rycar & Boy  