---
author: Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: Type II from Guzman
side: Dark
date: 2001-09-26
description: This dark deck is 11-1 in EP1 tournaments.  Yes I played in that many.  Its only lost was just balls.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
My Lord, Is That Legal?

Starting stuff:
Coruscant: Galactic Senate
Tatooine: Desert Landing Site
Neimoidian Advisor
I Will find Them Quickly, Master

Locations:
Naboo: Theed Palace Throne Room
Tatooine:Watto’s Junkyard

Characters:(23)
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice x2
Darth Maul x2
Lott Dod x3
Passel Argente x2
Aks Moe
Edcel Bar Gane
Toonbuck Toora
Yeb Yeb
Baskol Yeesrim
Tikkes
Orn Free Taa
Sith Probe Droid x2
Keder The Black
Watto
TC-14
P-59
P-60

Interrupts:(20)
Control x2
Alter x4
Vote Now x2
The Point is Conceded x3
Squabbling Delegates x3
On The Payroll Of the Trade Fed x2
Neimoidian Advisor
No Civility, Only Politics
Maul Strikes x2

Effects and Political Effects:(7)
Allegations Of Corruption
The Phantom Menace x3
This Is Outrageous 
Our Blockade is Perfectly Legal
Accepting Trade Federation Control

Weapon and Epic Event:(3)
Maul’s Saber x2
If The Trace Was Correct



Strategy: 

***Note to Elvis...LS Space does not hose this...cancel the drain at Naboo, and they have nothing....and really they have nothing in their hand with the senate working.  I beat the match up many times.



The first thing I want to say is....This deck is built with only 3 boxes of Coruscant, and 2 boxes of Tatooine.  I did not buy any extra other than that...I did make a trade or two, but that is about it.  So do not tell me to add the new twilek..(what it is called) because I do not own one yet, and I only own one Keder, and anything else like two Wattos...well I only have one...so there.

Regardless of those Cards I do not have, this deck rocks...well for the EP1 format anyway.  Lott Dott, makes up for all the cards I do not own, because I can get whatever I want with him.  Why play three?  Because he rocks...and he is the best for the effect ”This is Outrageous” Because of the Trade thing.  Watto Junkyard is so tempting for the light side to hang out at, and I beat them up there so many times...with Watto...they never learn...

Anyway I will not go into to much detail, but if you want to try this deck out...just build it, and you will see it is a monster.  Here is just a couple of card reasons.

No Sense...I had Sense in at first and then thought...Oh my god the lightside doesn’t have any interrupt I care about so what a wasted card.  However the lightside could sense so many things, that I do not want them to touch...so that is why I play with just Altar and Control.... Now you might be thinking I have no way to protect my Political Effects...wrong again...It happens so many times...They Alter my P Effect...I deploy Probe droid get in back on table in no time at all.

I really can care less about capturing the Queen, but it fits in really nice with everything else I am doing here.  Yes this will out drain a Space lightside...which by the way...space is the only place LS can go in this format(and have a chance to win).

That is it...Enjoy, and once again trust me...this deck rocks...build and practice if you need it. Have fun,

Tim Guzman  