---
author: Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: Didn’t know what to call this deck I’ll just call it Profit
side: Light
date: 2001-03-29
description: Plz review this deck. It is cool and good.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: 7
Profit/Sail Barge Blowing Up
Jabba’s Palace
Audience Chamber
Han Solo or Han w/Heavy
Insurrection
DoDN/Wise Advice
HFTMF

Locations: 6
Tat System
Obi’s Hut
Cantina
Jundland Wastes
Entrance Cavern
Hutt Trade Route

Pepl: 13
Han w/Heavy (x2 if u started with Han Solo)
Han Solo (if u started with Han w/Heavy)
Master Luke x2
Leia w/Pistol
Boushh
Obi w/Stick x2
Lando w/Ax
Chewie w/Pistol
Ori
Tawass Khaa
Artoo and Threepio

Starships: 5
Home 1
Spiral
Tantive 4
Liberty
Red Leader in Red 1

Weapons: 5
Luke’s Lightsaber x2
Merc Armor
Leia’s Rifle
Chewie’s Caster

Effects: 12
Tat. Celebration x2
Seeking an Audience
Underworld Contacts
Cool Grabber x2
HoTJ
Stick Proficiency
No Disentegrations!
GOO NEE TAY!
K’lor’ Slug
PoAS

Interrupts: 12
The Signal x2
Corellian Retort x2
Artoo, I Have A Bad Feeling About This x2
Captive Pursuit x2
Someone Who Loves You
Run Luke, Run!
OOC/Transmission Terminated x2



Strategy: 

Yo! Welcome to the strategy section of my Profit Deck. Questions about this deck:
Why the Hutt Trade Route?
Against MKOS, this site doesn’t let them pull Jabba’s Palace sites unless they control.

Why Obi’s Hut?
Well this is a twix site that gives me icons and Obi deploy for chicken feed here.

Why Seeking an Audience when I only have Underworld Contacts and not Artoo or Threepio?
I use this just for Underworld Contancts, and I don’t have R2 or 3PO because of Artoo and Threepio. They are SOOOO much better than the individual ones because they pull the AIHABFAT which gives the other person no destiny. IT ROCKS!!!

Why Merc Armor?
This card KICKS ASS!!!

Why Boushh and not another EPP Leia?
I don’t know, I just don’t have another EPP Leia and Boushh is good so shes good.

What about the starting Han?
OK if they deploy two aliens I deploy Han Solo so I can retrieve 10 instead of only 5 when the long battle for unfreezing him is over. If they don’t deploy aliens, I put down EPP Han so I can unfreeze first turn and get more power if they deploy Imps to Tat. and so I can add destiny and have more power and shoot. 

Matchups: Really don’t want to do this, but I will.

vs. Court and Scum
Ooh, a toughie. These decks have massive power on Tatooine and lots of destinies. Plus with their ability to pull bounty hunter’s ships, it is hard for me to control Tatooine system and have Tatooine Celebration on table. My mains will do well on the ground because of their immunity and their swings and all of their destiny. Mains are cool. If they are playing Court big blue, then this will be easier because they don’t get all of the big destiny adders with Jabba and hunters. Your space will pretty much die, but that’s OK, as your big drains on Tatooine will kill them.

vs. SYC and other big blue
I played one of these and won. They will have big drains in space, but my drains on the ground will take care of that. Secretly pull your space and then when they spread out ATTACK with everything. 
Win.

vs. Trooper Beatdown
Just kidding. Win.

vs. Hunt Down Beat
Beat up Vader. Use Trasmission Terminated to cancel Visage. Figure out by missed searches by them if they have space, and then go in space according to what they have. They have a lot of beatdown power, but you have lots of it too. Get to Tatooine, and kick some Dark Jedi butt.

vs. Hunt Down Duel
DON’T drop Luke/Obi unless Vader is already down. Once he is, beat him down with Leia, Lando, Han, Ori, Tawass, and others. This will be kewl because they won’t have much beatdown with all of the dueling card and I will kick their butt.

Thanks for reading this deck and reviewing it. I hope you like it. If there are ne things you think I should to do this deck, please tell me. 
Thanks, The future world champ, Philip 

