---
layout: archive
author: ! chris "Putz" burnett
title: ! "PUTZ’ QMC general’s deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-23
description: ! "strong, fast, very good on a 3-4 turn flip"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7) 

Quiet Mining Colony/ Independant Operation 

Bespin 

Cloud City Guest Quarters 

Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Keeping The Empire Out Forever 

Your Insight Serves You Well 

Strike Planning 


Locations(2) 

Cloud City West Gallery 

Cloud City Carbonite Chamber 


Characters(21) 

Admiral Akbar x2 

Leia with Blaster Rifle x2 

Luke with Lightsaber x2 

Obi-Wan with Lightsaber 

First Officer Theneespi 

General Crix Madine 

General Calrissian 

General Solo 

Major Haash&#8217;n 

Chewbacca 

Qui-Gon Jinn 

Corran Horn 

Pucumir Thryss 

Caldera Righim 

Dash Rendar 

Harc Seff 

Orrimaarko 

Melas 


Starships(2) 

Home One 

Liberty 


Interrupts(19) 

Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x3 

Rebel Leadership x3 

Balanced Attack x3 

Path Of Least Resistance & Revealed 

Path Of Least Resistance x2 

Narrow Escape x2

It&#8217;s A Hit x2 

Transmission Terminated 

Run Luke, Run 

Off The Edge


Effects(7) 

Cloud City Celebration x2 

Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice 

Launching The Assault 

Honor Of The Jedi 

Menace Fades 

Battle Plan 


Admiral&#8217;s Orders(2) 

Capital Support x2 '

Strategy: '

You will almost always start Strike Planning, Keeping The Empire Out Forever, and YISYW. At the end of your opponents turn pull two generals with Strike Planning (preferably Solo and Calrissian but if force is scares then you will pull crix) and Launching the Assault with Insights. First of your turns deploy and a site from reserve, checking to see if Home One is in your reserve. If so, deploy Launching and pull Home one. The other thing you&#8217;ll want to make sure you have is Ackbar. With two Ackbars and 3 Balanced Attacks, you will almost always be able to either get one from your starting hand or your first draw. 


Ideally, you&#8217;ll now have Ackbar, Home One, and enough saved force to have at least 13 the next turn. This might not happen even though this deck was made to do it, but if not it should only set you back a turn. 2nd turn deploy Home one, Capital Support, Ackbar, and as many pilots as possible. Remember that Ackbar can pull the &#8216;missing link&#8217; of your stuff, which will be either Capital Support or another Squid-guy. Also deploy a site. 


If they control a site this may need to wait until you have enough force to also deploy someone there and move. Find Celebration and get a few sites controlled with a general. Keep in mind that unless your opponent has either deployed to Bespin or deployed another system with a guy, they&#8217;re paying 3 for each drain due to Battle Plan. Now your opponent is taking a lot of damage and he has to do something, because you have Battle Plan and Menace Fades stopping his drains, great drains and occupation damage, and your retrieval to cap it off. He&#8217;ll need to come battle you So let&#8217;s say he tries... Every time, you run away with Path or Narrow Escape. As this happens you can either force drain and Capital Support him into oblivion, or you can slowly build up your assault team. Eventually he might make the error of spreading out too much, and that&#8217;s when you can take the advantage through battling. Say he moves Vader to the same site as General Han. You deploy EPP Leia, Chewbacca, Path to get EPP Luke over there, battle. Play Rebel Leadership, hit Vader, draw three destiny, cancel his destiny, you have power of like 24 to his six. 18 damage, game NEARLY over. Let Battle Plan keep him from draining after you get him down to like 3 cards and retrieve for all you&#8217;re worth. You win by huge amount. 


Matchups 


Hunt Down - OOC/TT takes out visage, plus there is Corran Horn. Don&#8217;t forget that if you get Corran to the Executor you can use Path and Narrow Escape. They won&#8217;t be able to keep up with your drains and since they can&#8217;t battle you they&#8217;ll be hard pressed for anything. Too bad for them... 


Ralops - Tough matchup, but can usually be taken by making good use of your aliens once you flip. NEVER go to Ralltir. Get Menace Fades and BP working and you&#8217;ll do fine. Celebration will be a big deal here, you can&#8217;t lose Bespin In fact, we think that if they concentrate wholly on space they have a better chance of winning if they go to ground at all. So what&#8217;s the key? Keep space any way you can. Rebel Leadership is huge here because of the limiting destiny text. Csupport will also be huge. 


This Deal - Easy game. Just stick to your game plan. Keep running from beat down if you have to. Eventually they will run out of cards. There is no way Dark Deal will hit the table. 


Scum (any type) - This type of QMC rips scum to shreds. It has been proven time and time again by many players. It&#8217;s very easy. Run away from battles so they can&#8217;t retrieve and beat you down, then drain them out and force them to pay for what little they have from BP and MF. Celebration retrieves what little you lose, and Csupport keeps hounding them the entire game. You may not battle, but you&#8217;ll win. You usually have 0-10 cards in lost pile by the end of the game. 


AOTBS - We had no idea a good version of this existed until the Dark Surgeon, so we&#8217;re not completely sure how a game against it would turn out. Our best guess is that by running away and keeping Luke on the table you should end up avoiding most of the problems that the Dark Surgeon deals you. 


Bring - Give him Luke. Don&#8217;t battle. He can&#8217;t do anything, game over. 


TIES - Deploy ALL your space stuff to Bespin as soon as you flip. Cannons do nothing against this deck, since you have all capitals, so the only problem is Relentless Pursuit. You should be able to hold out until they lose enough stuff to not be able to come back. BP is huge here, as is the other side of the Path combo, REVEALED 

'