---
layout: archive
author: ! Erich "The E-man" Hawbaker
title: ! "CC Trooper/ TDIGWATT"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-18
description: ! "Now that TDIGWATT is actually good again, I dusted off the old Dark Deal deck from years ago I had put into retirement. It worked fairly well even before the Objective or I’m Sorry existed, and it got some real reinforcement out of those. Basically,"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7)

This Deal is Getting Worse...

CC Port Town District

Secret Plans

Prepared Defenses

Crush The Rebellion

Inconsequential Losses

I’m Sorry


LOCATIONS (5)

Bespin

Bespin Cloud City

CC Downtown Plaza

CC West Gallery

CC Lower Corridor


CHARACTERS (22)

DVDLOTS

Vader with Sabre

Mara Jade

Captain Bewil

Prince Xizor

Guri

Dengar with Blaster Carbine

Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba

Mosep

Sgt Merril

12x Cloud City Trooper


WEAPONS (6)

Mara Jade’s Lightsabre

5x Disruptor Pistol


STARSHIPS (5)

Boba Fett in Slave I

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

IG-88 in IG-2000

OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1

OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2


INTERRUPTS (10)

2x Blast Points

2x Blasted Droid

4x Trooper Assault

Abyssin Ornament

Counter Surprise Assault


EFFECTS (5)

Dark Deal

Cloud City Occupation

Den of Thieves

Ability, Ability, Ability

Expand The Empire


'

Strategy: '

The strategy is fairly simple. One the first two turns, I will have deployed West Gallery, Lower Corridor, Bespin, and Cloud City. By turn four, I also have Dark Deal and Cloud City Occupation in my hand. Start dropping troopers at the sites and ships in the air, play Dark Deal and flip as soon as I can. Start cancelling their drains with Den of Thieves just as soon I as I can get it out, which won’t take long since I’m activating more than I need. If they ignore me, my drains will be higher than theirs no matter what. If they come to fight, I’ll definately win, and play Counter Surprise Assault if I get the chance (and get a bunch of trooper on the table for Abyssin Ornament). Also, play Expand The Empire on Port Town District. This thing has done fairly well, it has ample beatdown power and the x-bar is right around 3.       '