---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: Mason (J)’s Till Death Do Us Part / Hidden Mains
side: Light
date: 2001-01-19
description: Choke the Opponents Force, Battle them to death, and retrieve like mad. Sounds good take a look.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff:(6)

Hidden Base / Whoops I Dropped it
Rendezvous Point
HB Indicator
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas
Heading For The Redemption

Mains and Boys: (18)
Captain Han x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Lando With Vibro Axe x2
Chewbacca, Protector
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Admiral Ackbar
First Officer Thaneespi
Major Hasshn
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader
Orrimarko
Tawass Khaa

Starships:(5)
Millenium Falcon x2
Home One
Outrider
Red Squadron 1

Weapons:(3)
Obi-Wans Lightsaber
Anakins Lightsaber
Lukes Lightsaber

Hang outs:(6)
Tatooine: Jabbas Palace
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Spaceport City: Docking Bay
Home One: Docking Bay
Chandrila
Tatooine

Admirals Orders (2)
Ill Take The Leader x2

Interrupts:(12)
The Bith Shuffle / Desperate Reach
Houjix / Out Of Nowhere
Out Of Commision / Transmission Terminated x2
Fallen Portal x2
Weapon Levitation x2
The Signal
Punch It!
Skywalkers
Gift of the Mentor
Effects:(5)
Battle Plan
Tatooine Celebration
Traffic Control
Menace Fades
Order to Engage
Do, or do not & Wise Advice 

Strategy: 

The Basics: On the first turn use Hidden Base to pull Tatooine from your reserve deck. Then use Insurrection to get out the Home One: Docking Bay. Don’t forget you can get Luke, JK down their for deploy -3.

On your seond turn pull the one of the remaining DB’s and try to contol them.

Third Turn: Repeat

The Cards:

Wedge and Red 1: Great in space to guard Tatooine or just plop wedge down at a docking bay to drain and add to your activation. You can also always get this combo if you have one in hand using Squadron Assignments.

Dash and Outrider: Also a great ship can help deal with those pesky ties or guard Tatooine. Wins battles and great all around ship. Dash can also be used on the ground if nessasary.

Mirax Terrik: Track your destinies using her game text. One of the keys to winning games is efficient tracking. She makes it much easier and she can pilot a ship and fight on the ground.

I’ll Take the Leader: This card is awesome it gives you +1 force drain at all your docking bays, Helps kill ties and BH in Ships. Your ships are immune to attrition <4 or add two to their total immunity. You’ve gotta love it!

Tatooine Celebration: If you can get this engine running it can do you wonders + no traking needed to retrieve.

Winning: Just Do IT the guide to Star Wars CCG

The Matchups:

Vs. BHBM: This deck is tough but you can win if you get your drains set up early and use luke for attacks as far away from vader as possible. If an oppurtunity knocks beat him down in space or on the ground. Use your tricks to their fullest advatage. If you play it right retieval will win you this game.

Vs. HDADTJ: If you can kill vader and place him our of play with desparate Reach. Watch for dueling and play it smart. You can overrun visage with your retrieval and if you can get a beatdown in that would really help. One of the most difficult matchups so be careful.

Vs. Scum: These decks can be difficult, btu if you overrun the palace and cancel S & V the game is preety much over. Use their ouwn cards against them and beatdown whenever possible. Choke their force and draina little on your side. With a little bit of skill you can pull this off.

Vs. Carbon Chamber Testing: I know these will be making a comeback with the new frozen han so I better be ready. Release frozen han and replace him with the Capt. Beatdown, Retrieve, and Drain. Easy Right, but be sure you play it smart.

Vs. Tie Swarm: Beat them down with your space fleet track and use destiny adders. With I’ll take the leader it should be less difficult. Use Hassh’n if they try to Lateral Damage. Pay hard and you will know the true nature of the force.

Thanks!! Well I hope this new deck of mine will win me some games in the near future.

Mason (J) 