---
layout: archive
author: ! Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: ! "Qoute My Can"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! "a qmc deck brought together from avatar’s, wes, baroni’s telling me to make a qmc, and me."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Unknown Type

Bespin 

Bespin Cloud City 

Cloud City Downtown Plaza 

Cloud City Guest Quarters 

Cloud City Incinerator 

Cloud City North Corridor 

Cloud City West Gallery 


Characters (18)

Bren Quersey 

Captain Han Solo 

Dash Rendar 

Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 

Harc Seff 

Lando With Blaster Pistol 

Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2

Lieutenant Naytaan 

Luke With Lightsaber  x3

Melas 

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3

Tawss Khaa 

Yoxgit 


Starships (4)

Millennium Falcon 

Outrider 

Red 8 

Red 9 


Interrupts (18)

Courage Of A Skywalker 

Dodge  x2

Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Off The Edge 

On The Edge 

Path Of Least Resistance  x3

Power Pivot  x2

Rapid Fire  x2

Run Luke, Run 

Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency 

Stay Sharp 

Swing-And-A-Miss 

The Signal 


Effects (10)

All My Urchins 

Battle Plan 

Cloud City Celebration  x2

Do, Or Do Not 

Honor Of The Jedi 

Menace Fades 

Order To Engage 

Squadron Assignments 

Your Insight Serves You Well 


Weapons (2)

X-wing Laser Cannon  x2


Unknown Type

Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation 

'

Strategy: '

I know what u are wandering..."eric how does this lose?" well that’s a hard question to answer, but i will tell you how it wins.


righhhhttttttttt....


well anywho this deck uses qmc for the activation, cc celabration, poth, and i tihnk that’s it. I took qmc’s chasis and took ideas form a deck i heard about by wes. baroni told me qmc was good. i wanted matching pilots to reck some space. combine these ideas u get this. 


what u do is get all my urchins and ote out. with that u plop some guys infront of there guys. they battle lose 2 force then u poth or dodge away to do some ote damage. however they may try to shoot u so that is why dash should be used to stop gtting hit along with swing and a miss. then on ur turn u forcedrain and retrive with celabration to get back the key cards.or u can turn around the battle by pthing over along with run luke run..bam in space u blow stuff up, reduce power, draw mulitple destinies, and have time to have some of leai’s "pie". i mean against ties, blow one(heh heh), reduce one, enlarge( heh heh) ur power, and have destinies. that will hold. exspecialy with retrival.

yeah yeah yo say mkos i say battle plan and menace fades. u say huntdown and i say anti deuling and ote/al my urchins. u say isb space i say menace fades and my space. u say ties i say blow them up and shuve em back home. u say bhbm i say if folow plan. against bigblue i say interoir sites. u say i suck and i say QOUTE MY CAN.



thank u. '