---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "frenchie6901" French
title: ! "Flipping Court (I’m not crazy)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-17
description: ! "This is a possible Court flipper that feeds the Sarlacc while draining and occupying everything.  Possible 17 Force loss per turn, and besides, its fun"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)

Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber

Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon

Jabba’s Palace Dungeon

Prepared Defenses

All Wrapped Up

Power Of The Hutt

You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points


Locations(5)

Tatooine

Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm

Tatooine Cantina

Jabba’s Sail Barge Passenger Deck


Characters(23)

Aurra Sing

Bane Malar

Boba Fett

Darth Maul

Dengar With Blaster Carbine

Djas Puhr

IG-88 With Riot Gun

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

Mighty Jabba

Ephant Mon

Bib Fortuna

Jodo Kast

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand

Snoova

Emperor Palpatine

Darth Vader

Grand Moff Tarkin

Ree-Yees

Admiral Piett

Grand Admiral Thrawn

Corporal Prescott

Lyn Me

Mosep


Blue cards(7)

Jabba’s Sail Barge

Executor

Chimaera

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth

Dengar In Punishing One

IG-88 In IG-2000

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter


Green cards(4)

Dengar’s Modified Riot Gun

Feltipern Trevagg’s Stun Rifle

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Vibro-Ax


Interrupts(7)

Imperial Command

Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch

Overload

Weapon Levitation

Twi’lek Advisor

Nemoidian Advisor

Hidden Weapons


Effects(5)

Despair

Tatooine Occupation

Establish Control

Hutt Influence

Resistance


Others(2)

Sarlacc

Battle Deployment '

Strategy: '

starting out Use Power o’Hutt to grab the Sail Barge as soon as you have some guys to protect it from Free Ride, then drop it at the Great Pit so you can move your guys over the Sarlacc while your opponent can’t.  also drop the passenger deck for added generation.  grab the Executor unless they’ve blanked your mob points.  find Tatooine and Tat Occupation ASAP and get that set up, with the bh ships your objective deploys.  with Hutt Influence and Establish Control out at the db your objective deploys, and Hutt Smooch turning those undercover pains into captives, you can get up to 16 Force loss per turn and there’s no canceling those Force drains if you’ve got the aliens.


this is a flipper...capture guys and feed them to the Sarlacc.  preferably while the objective is flipped, and while Boba Fett is escorting the captive, to add 5 to Force lost (since the Sarlacc attacks a character while its a captive, a perk not enjoyed by the Rancor).


ok, card choices 

Weapon Levitation - Aurra with a saber...need i say more?  you’ve also got your Sith Trio, Mara, and even Jabba to use it to steal sabers, or if you drew a bounty hunter weapon for destiny go get it.


Despair - mostly for the 6 in the corner, but it could be useful, especially if played during a battle in conjuction with Snoova’s ax, Ig88’s gun, or any of the other capture guns...


Overload - protects Zuckuss from those X=3 cannons.


Feltipern Trevagg’s Stun Rifle - really Jodo Kast’s stun rifle...he fires it free and adds 2, captures instantly.  Jodo is also useful for canceling battle destiny in space and thus saving Tatooine Occupation.


Corporal Prescott - a "what if" situation, like the Sarlacc’s lost or beaten, he still retrieves Force for you.


matchups

like most of my decks, this is a setup and drain deck, then just wait for your opponent to come to you.  and when he does...crush and capture, then feed the sarlacc. '