---
layout: archive
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "Trackmasters only need apply   "
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-14
description: ! "   New LS Objective using some old-skool tech. If you can track, you can win. Bonus if you can track both decks."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective Watch Your Step

Locations (5)

Tatooine
Tat Cantina
Tat Docking Bay 94
Home One Docking Bay
Kessel

Characters (18)

x3 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
x2 Cap’n Han
x6 Raltiir Freighter Captain
Lando w/ Blaster Pistol
Leia w/ Blaster Rifle
Wedge Antilles
Mirax Terrik
Dash Rendar
Melas
Chewbacon, Protector

Starships (3)

x2 Falcons
Outrider

Interrupts (21)

x2 Run Luke Run
x2 Smokescreen
x2 I Know
x2 Nar Shadda Windchimes
x3 Transmission Terminated
x2 The Signal
x2 Control/Tunnel Vision
x2 Cantina Brawl (Huge Monster Tech)
HFTMF
Houjix/Out Of Nowhere
Rebel Barrier
On The Edge

Effects (8)

Insurrection
Staging Areas
Squadron Assignments
Tatooine Celebration
Lightsaber Proficiency
Legendary Starfighter
Bargaining Table
Menace Fades

Weapons (2)

x2 Luke’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Orders (2)

I’ll Take The Leader

'

Strategy: '

	Surprisingly enough, I’ve had time to throw something together with the new LS Objective, and this is what I’ve got. Fun to play. LOTS of fun. First of all, start Staging Areas, Insurrection, and Squadron Assignments. With 6 cards relating to each other, Squad. Assignments should let you get a Dash or Cap’n Han on their respective ship by at least the 3rd turn. Yank out the Home One DB and Kessel first turn, and throw down a Jedi Luke on the Home One DB if you got him. You’ll never draw a zero in the game. From there, get two battlegrounds occupied by smugglers, and start regulating. CANTINA BRAWL IS MONSTER TECH. (Yeah, go read it real quick notice BOTH players draw destiny...) PROPS TO NEAL FOR COMING UP WITH IT. Yeah, we were b.s.’ing one night and he suggested it, and it works devastatingly well played right. If you can track somewhat half decently, you can abuse this. If you can track BOTH decks, then you can use your opponent’s cards against him with sick efficiency. Ever seen Operational As Planned to put back a Masterful Move? Keep an eye on your opponent’s deck, and when that stuff gets back on top, use Cantina Brawl to knock out that Vader or Mara in your Cantina. Even if Vader’s not there, and they were planning to use that 6 and 5 as destinies in space, you can use Brawl to get them out of the way and screw up their tracking. What’s great about Cantina Brawl is that not only do you get to use it 4 times with the flipped objective, but a high-destiny dueling Hunt Down, arguably the strongest deck in existence at this point, has a chance of screwing itself with it’s own destinies. Mast. Move, Vader’s Obsession, and Circle are some of the multiple 6’s that will let the DS hose their own Vader. Brawl is NON-unique as well, so if you didn’t get Vader or Mara with the first two destinies, play it out of the lost pile same turn for two more chances Huge. Played well, and Vader will be terrified to go into the Cantina. Notice that this deck has seven 6’s, eleven 5’s, and six 4’s in it, and that’s not counting the starting 8 cards you’ll have on the table. Good odds of wrecking a Janus, Sim, Vader, or Mara. Even if you can’t track, you’ve got good odds. Mirax is seriously abused, I’d put a second one in if I had another. Throw those extra JK Lukes and AO’s/RLR’s back in the deck. Flipping, obviously, is key. The best way to do this is establish space as your first BG occupied by Dash or Han, and Squad. Assignments obviously helps with this. Try to establish one of them first. 2 I Know’s will let you get that one Leia floating around for free on the Falcon to wax someone. Of course, you can then play it out of the lost next turn to add 2 more destinies. Huge. The AO’s give you boosted immunity, WRECK ANY TIE DECKS, and give you bonus drain at DB 94. Lightsaber Proficiency because JK Luke is a friggin’ machine with his stick, Lightsaber Pro., and a Smokescreen. Smokescreen was dead, but getting to play it twice makes it huge again for those times when it’s just to early to track. More Tech Run Luke Run. No Ben to worry about getting Circled, just Luke. And of course RLR simply cancels VO outright. Also HIGHLY useful against a non-Hunt Down deck, as you can have Luke ambush someone. Initiate a battle with 2 RFC’s, then play RLR to move him over for some beats. RLR is killer, works if opponent initiates or even if you initiate. Good stuff. Menace Fades is HUGE. Do not lose this card Two Signals to get it quick, and the bonuses are toast. Monster card. Celebration is obvious, as are most of the cards in here. Houjix/Out Of Nowhere is great, add a destiny in space or save your butt when one of your two smugglers at a site gets You Are Beatened. (Try to put 3 smugglers at a site for general purposes-Trample, Force Lightning, Sniper, and YAB are deadly). Dash is a machine, better than Super-Falcon with THIS objective. Wedge is the perfect co-pilot for him if he’s handy, but a RFC will do nicely. I could probably use another Dash and Outrider, but I just don’t have ’em right now. Yes, Imperial Command would hurt but they’ll run out of them eventually. I don’t have a Talon Karde yet, but he’s going in to help out in space as soon as I get one. Forfeit 7 RFC’s make nice space fodder. 3 Transmission Terminateds may be a bit much, but I REALLY hate Hunt Down. First turn Vader hurts, getting rid of Visage is critical. Once you get one, you’re solid ’cuz you can play it out of your lost and use the other two for high destinies.
    If you can track somewhat decently, then you can regulate with this deck. THIS DECK IS ALL ABOUT TRACKING, hence the title. If you haven’t really gotten the hang of tracking yet, then you better stick with Kessel Runs and pray your opponent doesn’t play Oota Goota.

Cards to add The Desperate Reach/Bith Shuffle Combo, which is more ”mess up their tracking tech” and Weapon Lev., which hurts Lord Vader and cancels YAB, which is nice.

Responses to Reviews/Why certain cards are in there

Ships Yes, I could use some more ships, here’s the perfect formula 2x Dash, 2x Outrider, 2x Cap’n Han, 2x Falcon. The Skate really doesn’t have much going for it, while the Outrider and Cap’n Han-piloted Falcon are obvious. Squad. Assignments lets you get them QUICK, and by the time DS is ready to go against them you’ll be prepared. They manage to knock one out somehow? Play your second copy using Squad Assigments again, although by that point you’ll probably have pilot and ship in hand. Different metas I guess...

Talon Karde Yeah, he does need to go in to help out in space, soon as I get one I’ll add him, if not two. Forfeit 7 RFC’s for space-battle fodder/co-pilots is nice.

Freighter Captains With Two Signals in there and 2 Tunnel Vision/Controls, Bargaining Table is quick to hit the table, and I find 6 RFC’s the perfect number to have one when I need one, yet not be so Monnok-vurnerable. The Table gives me time to set up, instead of desperately scrambling to stop a quick drain of 2. Nar Shadda’s help get them out, and hey, a quick 5 force back retrieval can happen sometimes...

Ground Forces Are slightly weak, but Luke does most of the dirty work here. The way I play this deck is establish space quick, get over to Kessel and start draining, then when Celebration shows up establish that. The ground forces are enough to harass the DS with while retrieving a decent number. Against BHBM, give ’em Luke, let his self-damage start, and Barg. Table the biggest drain while dropping 2/3 smugglers on their weakest forces. If there is a lightsaber or Walker there, make sure to drop at least THREE smugglers. High destinies knock out a lot of their forces, 2 5’s or a 5/6 is not uncommon to draw in this, and that’s blind drawing. Track well and you’ll really hurt them.

H20/Hunter- I DO have On The Edge and a Barrier in here. I find one of each is fine. Lateral Damage? Could hurt, but multiple destinies usually help this problem. Worse comes to worse, lose the pilot/ship, put out another one and eventually retrieve the first one. They won’t always have an Imperial Command in hand, and when they don’t they’re dead. When it gets rough in space, obviously the Falcon will move over from Kessel to help out Dash at Tatooine, and there is no way that these two are going to get beatdown.

'