---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "CGogolen" Gogolen
title: ! "DragonCon/DPC placing WYS deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-04
description: ! "This deck went 4-0 at the Montreal DPC(I finished 1st after 8 games) and 2-1 at DragonCon(8th place glass).I’ve been playing this for months and it’s still as good today as it was back then."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'WYS

Tatooine(coruscant)

cantina

db 94

heading for frigate

squadron

insight/staging

insurrection/aim high


pulsar skate

red squad 1

red 10

outrider

millenium falcon


as good as gone

run luke run

all wings/darklighter spin

transmission terminated

control/tunnel vision x3

too close for comfort

on the edge x2

a step backward x2

inconsequential bariers

shock/grimtassh

power pivot

rebel barrier

ooc/terminated

sorry about mess/blaster

hyper escape

it’s a hit


don’t do that again

draw their fire

menace fades

battle plan


jedi luke x3

mirax terrix

dash rendar x2

wedge antilles

theron nett

talon karrde

melas

capt han

lando w/ gun

phylo gandish

epp han

threepio

chewie protector

ral freighter captain


kessel

home 1 db

spaceport db


i’ll take the leader


luke’s saber

x-wing cannon


'

Strategy: '

I won’t waste anyone’s time explaining how it works-you should all know by now anyway.  I will explain a few card choices that you may not understand


A step Backward-why would I play this and not use Anakin’s?  Check the CRD-If the DS podraces, I can use this to remove their race destiny while not removing the one that I stack on the site-also they can’t play hit racer or podracer collision.  Also, the card does have another use but it’s very rarely used that way.


As good as gone-what does this card do?  Oh yeah, it gets around the Responsibility/Much anger combo.  DS doesn’t like using it on Han or Luke because you can edge them, so they will go for Lando, wedge, or theron nett.  Use this to take them back to your hand-the combo is broken-and you can redeploy next turn.  Much quicker than using the hoth db.


It’s a hit- the card is so good.  Not only does it cancel about 5 good DS cards, but it can also a force drain over and over again.  PLay it, then track with Mirax or Threepio and who cares if they are sitting with Maul or Vader in your Cantina.


I don’t think I need to explain anything else.  The deck is a beast-it can and has beat anything out there.  No this is not Clint Hays’ deck(it wasn’t really Clint’s either) '