---
layout: archive
author: ! Ricky "TANTRUM" Martinez
title: ! "The Invincible Rebel Strike Team v 2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-04
description: ! "Due to everyone saying I need to blow up bunker, well here it is, Hey it wins by a whole lot more"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7) 

RST/GD 

EndorLanding Platfrom 

Endor 

The shield is down 

HFTMF 

Strike Planning 

Squadron assignments 


Characters(25) 

Gen Solo 

Gen Madine x 2

Orrimarko 

Beezer 

Ithorian x 2 

LSJK x 2 

Wedge RSL 

Corran Horn 

Lt Greeve 

Sergent Brooks Carlson 

Corp. Janse 

Corp Mildge 

Gen Calrissian 

Dash Rendar 

DOS 

Arcona 

Lt Page 

Major Panno 

Geezum 

Chewy OK

Corp Kensaric

Seargent Junkin


Sites(5) 

Jungle (NU) 

EndorBack Door 

Endor Forest Trail 

EndorGreat Forest 

Endor Bunker


Ships(6) 

Skiff x 3 

Outrider 

Gold Squadron 1 

red Squadron 1 


Weapons(6) 

Anakins stick 

Explosive Charge x 3

Portable Scanner

Chewys Bowcaster 


Effects and Interrupts(10) 

Signal 

Battle Plan 

Hiding in the garbage 

YISYW 

I know 

Its a trap x 2

HOTJ 

Insurrection 

Menace Fades 


Epic Event(1)

Deactivate Shiedl Generator '

Strategy: '

Saying I get beat down, its not just beezer and madine , its also solo. if they give you 2 force like most decks nowadays you save it to cancel a destiny if they come down, .


OK everyone said to blow up the bunker so i gave it alot of thought and i found the best way to do it.  Ok here goes


First turn  Before activating pull madine and solo, if one in hand pull lando.  Activate.  Drop Madine, and Solo for 5. Pull Beezer, Pull Scanner, Pull Back Door, if enough force pull Bunker if not dont worry.


Second Turn Avtivate, pull a charge in control phase.  Pull Junkin, Drop him with the others, move to bunker.


Third Turn Pull charge, pull chewy , drop him down now u can cancel ddestiny if by chance they fight you.  Drop 2 charges.


Forth turn give it a shot to blow the bunker away have to draw a 5 with two destinys should be able to do it, it cripples opnonet cause hand goes to use pile.  Pull geezum to pull sits to drain.


Fifth turn Pull Midge and start draining, from here on out its just instinct but its always nice to know if by chance you lose its not the decks fault because it doesnt let you down, awesome rst/gd deck  '