---
layout: archive
author: ! R. "Voice of Law" Smith
title: ! "Alternative Lifestyles"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-09
description: ! "This deck is gay."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)

Agents in the Court

Hutt Trade Route

Audience Chamber

Yarna

Heading For The Mother @#$%er

Ins-erection

Staging Areas

Uh-Oh


Docking bays (7)

Cloud City

Tatooine

Homo One

Hoth

Yavin

Endor

Death Star


Aliens (19)

Kabe x3

Tessek x2

Chadra-@#$% x13

Rennek


Mandatory Luke (1)

LS, JK


Effects (4)

Bo Shuda

Bargaining Table

Honor

Underworld Contact

Civil Dysfunction


Interrupts (21)

You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x4

Out of Commission/Terminated x3

Nar Shaddaa/Out of Somewhere x2

Fallen Portal x4

Houjix/Out of Nowhere x2

Signal x3

It’s a Trap x2 '

Strategy: '

Update

There’s 5 effects and 20 interrupts, I originally had 3 Nar Shaddaa combos but then I noticed I forgot the all-important Civil D. And it’s Chadra-F.AG


Update #2

Addition to the ”things not to forget” category - don’t forget to look at cards in your opponent’s hand, once per turn for each Chadra-Fa.g on table. This is inline with the gayness of the deck and will surely aggravate your opponent even more.



Here’s how you play this deck, first turn you activate at least 5 (usually more) and get Tessek in the Chamber with Bo Shuda. In the very rare case that the Audience Chamber was converted first turn you gotta get Underworld Contact first but that only sets you back a turn or two. Once Tessek is safe in the Chamber you can pull one of the non-BG dockbays and put a Chadra-@#$% there for 1. So you’ve used 4 force and set up a drain of 1 for the next turn along with some hefty activation. After that you just keep setting up dockbays with one or two Chadra-@#$%s, and when the dark side deploys guys to contest, you Fallen Portal/Out of Somewhere/It’s a Trap/Houjix to get out of it. If you dont play stupid you will never get beat down even if you leave guys all alone at battleground docking bays (this drives your opponent up the wall).


Card FAQ


All those dockbays? So you can spread out, how many dark decks do you know that can cover that much ground? You drain for one at non-BG dockbays and for two at the battlegrounds, plus you generate +2 when you control so you are essentially turning every dockbay you control with a Chadra-@#$% into a 3/1 location with +1 drain.


Kabe You don’t really want her in the Chamber until after she has been used to cancel a drain/battle destiny. After that go ahead and put her there to add power.


2 Tesseks In case one gets eaten or Snipered early game. Rennek comes out of the deck after Tessek so Bubo is ineffective pretty quick.


Underworld For the off-chance that your Chamber gets converted and you need Bo Shuda, you dont really need it terribly as you can Signal for Bo Shuda too but I like it.


Houjix combo card Cuz it has better destiny


It’s a Trap How many of you agree that they should make an alternate art card of this with Admiral Ackbar instead of @#$% Leia? Oh and you use this to cancel battles so you dont get your head kicked in, and to keep Tessek from getting Sniped in the Chamber.



Deck FAQ


Hunt Down Visage won’t last. You don’t give them anybody to duel and they will not have enough beef to chase down all your little aliens. Be sure to get Bargaining Table and Kabe to cancel some drains. Your biggest threat is actually S&D, but that can be handled by running Kabe around. Drain and win.


Scum of any kind You convert their start which gives you a jump. Against SYCFA Scum you gotta get the Underworld but after that it’s smooth sailing as you take away one of their biggest drain spots. Don’t be dumb and leave your force pile low so you cant play interrupts like Portal, It’s a Trap, or Houjix.


Space decks Outdrain them, against TIE’s you’ll do it easy but Endor Ops will be tougher. You still win.


Things not to forget


1. Nar Shaddaa retrieval.

2. Flipside of objective stuff, especially retrieving a Chadra-@#$% once per turn.

C. ALWAYS save force for opponent’s turn, save as much as possible. The more the better, who knows maybe one time you will Out of Somewhere Jedi Luke.

5. When picking who to Fallen Portal and you haven’t been tracking, just assume you’re going to get a 4, you’ll usually be right =)




I really made this deck to counter my friend’s Location Location Location deck that was murdering me.   '