---
author: Julien "Dark Padawan" Riviere
title: Decipher week-end Brugge LS winner
side: Light
date: 2001-03-07
description: This deck was first made and played by Jimmy Faelens. But he convinced me to work on it with him. Here is the version we both played at Brugge. I am proud to say I beat Bastian Winkelhaus and win the individual on Saturday with it. So read the strategy...
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be a Little Rough (st)

Locations (4)
Spaceport Docking Bay 
Tatooine (st)
Tatooine: Cantina (st)
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94 

Characters (21)
Chewbacca, Protector  x2
Dash Rendar 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas 
Mirax Terrik 
Palace Raider  x4
Ralltiir Freighter Captain  x3
Talon Karrde  x2
Wedge Antilles 

Vehicles (4)
Patrol Craft  x4

Starships (3)
Millennium Falcon 
Outrider 
Pulsar Skate 

Interrupts (17)
A Few Maneuvers 
Clash Of Sabers 
Control & Tunnel Vision  x3
Fallen Portal  x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate (st)
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated  x2
Rebel Barrier 
Shocking Information & Grimtaash 
Sorry About The Bad English & Blaster Proficiency 
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach 
The Signal 
Visored Vision  x2

Effects (9)
Bargaining Table 
Battle Plan 
Insurrection (st)
Menace Fades 
Ounee Ta 
Squadron Assignments (st)
Staging Areas (st)
Tatooine Celebration 
Your Insight Serves You Well 

Admiral’s Order (1)
I’ll Take The Leader 

Strategy: 

Why I think this deck is a good WYS:
All the WYS decks I have seen before, had a problem: they either contained too many cards to retrieve or too many non-unique cards to battle. Playing On the Edge, Harvest and Celebration takes too many cards and let not enough slots for battle cards. Playing 8 Palace Raiders and 8 Patrol Crafts is too vulnerable to Monnok. I think it is the main problem of the WYS of Steven Lewis.
In my deck, I consider that all my interrupts will be played out of play. So I just retrieve the characters, the vehicles and the starships I lose in battle. To do that the Celebration is enough. To limite the number of my non-unique cards, I prefer double the unique important charatcers. Those with weapon are necessary to clean important site like the Cantina. Chewbacca Protector is necessary to cancel the game text of: Dengar w/ Gun to protect my Crafts, Ephant Mon to bring Han in Audience Chamber, Boelo or Jodo to prevent opponent from canceling my multiple destinies.

Strategy:
The main idea of the deck is to flip quickly with smugglers on the 2 Docking Bays. Protect your guys with a react, Rebel Barier or Fallen Portal. In this way, you can activate +4 due to Stahging Area by choking the opponent’s activation on non-battleground locations. It’s good against Hunt Down, Bring Him, Set Your Course start and Ralltiir. You are activating 11 by yourself on second turn and you can played Tunnel Vision twice. Combined with Squadron Assignement this deck is very fast to set up. You must control Tatooine system in order to win. If you do that Battle Plan, Menace Fades and Celebration make you lose nothing from the opponent’s drains. The keys to keep control of the system are Dash Rendar, I’ll Take The Leader and high forfeit. Dash and the admiral order are there to reduce power of opponent’s starships. High forfeit is necessary to handle high attrition (like against MKOS or Ralltiir). Put Wedge, Chewie or Tallon Karde with your ship and it will be good. I assure you that 3 starships are enough, unless he plays Sienar. In this case, just abandon the Celebration.

This deck is hard to play due to the fact you can make the bad decisions. Me and Jimmy have lose some games because we went battle where it was useless. The best example is the audience chamber: menace fades + battle plan + celebration make useless to go battle in there. Your opponent drains only for 1 by paying and you can retrieve this loss. So don’t go battle when it isn’t necessary. Keep your characters for the Cantina. Opponent will want it for a drain of 2. Use Bargaining Table to cancel the drain in the beginning. Then go battle with Luke, Han, Chewie, Tallon Karde and some smugglers. Indeed it is a drain of 2 for you too ! Use wisely Sorry About The Bad English & Blaster Proficiency or Clash of Sabers to clean the Cantina. Don’t forget you can play these interrupt from the lost pile ! It is also hard to play because you must memorize the interrupts in your lost pile. 

Now you just have to outdrain your opponent. I’ll Take The Leader adds 1 to your force drains at the 2 DB. Combined with the drain of the Cantina it will be easy.

Some explanations:
I use Visored Vision instead of Grabber because I would have to pay for playing a grabber. And I can use Visored Vision from the lost pile on different interrupts. With one grabber you can only neutralize one interrupt...
Grimtash is the killer of ISB and Sienar. And I can play it twice...
A few maneuvers let me keep my starships against Cannons. Just draw it each turn with Mirrax Terrik...


Matchups:

VS Hunt Down
Try to cancel the Visage early with TT. You can draw them faster by using Tunnel Vision. Once you cancel one Visage, you will be safe since you can play TT from the lost. Apply the quick flip to choke his activation. Hide Luke in a Patrol Craft to avoid the duel. If your opponent comes to the Cantina (and he will come) use Bargaining Table or Control untill you have the Celebration. I think it is dangerous to battle Dark Lord with Saber + Tarkin + Evazan so ignore the drain with the Celebration and Outdrain him...

VS All kind of Scum
Keep the system and add Battle plan, Menace Fades, Celebration and I’ll Take The Leader. Spread out on the 2 DB and Jabba’s Palace protected by Fallen Portal. He must comes outside since he doesn’t drain and he wants to retrieve. Multiple destinies will clean the place and use Chewie, Sorry About The Bad English & Blaster Proficiency and Clash of Sabers to neutralize some boring alien (Boelo, Jodo or Evazan for instance). If you keep the system, you can’t lose !

VS Ralltiir
Start Ounee Ta instead of Squadron Assigment (you don’t need it in the beginning because if you go to Ralltiir system you won’t flip yet). Apply the quick flip to prevent him from activating on his non-battleground DB. By choking his activation he must deploys his Ralltiir Site. Just deploy the spaceport DB on Ralltiir before him and go on it to flip and prevent him from flipping too. Once you have 2 Ralltiir sites he is dead. If he plays At-St avoid Trample by hidding your smugglers aboard Crafts. If he plays Speeder Bike avoid High Speed Tactics by not using Crafts (and don’t forget that the Captain have power +2 on Ralltiir). If he plays both (like the Ralltiir I use - see my page) it will be very hard so use your Visored Visions wisely to neutralize one of the 2 threats. Space is less important than against any other deck...

For other advices you can read the reports "Decipher week-end Brugge (BELGIUM) Day 1 and Day 2 also on my page.

Julien RIVIERE alias Dark Padawan 