---
author: Michael "Gilliatt" Raveling
title: Raveling’s Profit
side: Light
date: 2001-06-08
description: The only Profit deck I will ever make is post-Tattoine mains.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (8)
Profit by This or Be Destroyed
Jabba’s Palace
Audience Chamber
EPP Han
Prepared Defenses
The Camp
Your Insight Serves You Well
Don’t Do That Again

Locations: (6)
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Home One: War Room
Rendezvous Point
Hoth: Echo Command Center
Tatooine: City Outskirts X 2

Characters: (17)
Ben Kenobi x2
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
Master Luke x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
EPP Han
Lando with Vibra Axe X 2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Corran Horn
Yoxgit
Jar Jar
Padme
Threepio With His Parts Showing

Effects: (3)
Honor of the Jedi
Ounee Ta
Advantage

Interrupts: (23)
Tunnel Vision x3
Narrow Escape
Nabrun Leads
Sorry about the Mess & Blaster Proficiency
Weapon Levitation x2
Someone Who Loves You
Sense x2
Transmission Terminated/Out Of Commision X 2
Smoke Screen X 2
It Could Be Worse X 3
Were You Looking For Me X 2
A Jedi’s Resilence
I Know
Old Ben
Gift of the Mentor X 2 

Weapons: (3)
Luke’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Qui-Gon’s Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

First Turn Strategy:
Before you activate pull Advantage out of your reserve deck.  If you have Were You Looking For Me in hand then use it to get Threepio.  That is all you can get so activate.
If you have Threepio in your hand then deploy him for free to Jabba’s Palace and use him to recycle a high destiny card into your used pile.  Deploy any sites.  If you have Tunnel Vision use it.  Get any sites you have in your force pile and deploy them and then draw.  You’re looking for some of you mains to go battle at the Audience Chamber and to free Han.

General Strategy:
Once you have enough guys in hand to try to free Han then do it.
Get Han out of the Audience Chamber and keep him with Ben Kenobi so that he lives through battles.  Continually use Threepio to recycle high destinies and draw your low ones.  Use Tunnel Visions to get sites out so that you can draw decent destinies.  Use It Could Be Worse to stop force loss and any race damage.
Your instant damage and draining should do them in.  Use Nabrum Leids to get around so that you can battle.

Match ups:
Versus Hunt Down:  Rely on Qui-Gon and use Obi and Luke for hit and run missions.  Keep those two away from Vader as much as possible so that you don’t get dueled.  If the podrace is being played then use It Could Be Worse on the damage.  If they It’s Worse when you play the It Could Be Worse then use It Could Be Worse to lessen that damage.  You have a disadvantage here but you can use Lando, Leia, and Qui-Gon to try to win this match for you.  Use Jar Jar or Corran Horn to cancel Visage.

Versus Capture The Queen:  Maul is a wimp.  Don’t be afraid to deploy Amidala.  If she is captured the dark side doesn’t even get that much.  You can chop Maul easily because you start with YISYW.  You can kill Maul with any stray five destiny in your deck.

Versus TDIGWATT:  Establish your forces on Tatooine and then Nabrum over to him and smash him.  They will be losing lots of damage to Profit if they don’t come to you.

Versus Space:  Free Han early and establish a strong ground drain along with the direct damage from your objective.  You will win this match up so don’t be afraid.

Are their any other dark side decks right now?

Card Choices:
The Camp.  A very good card to use to help stop aliens from killing your Jedi.  

Your Insight Serves You Well.  Keep this on table even versus Hunt Down.  Do not use it to pull Honor of the Jedi.  Helps you chop the Emperor, Maul, and Vader.

Tatooine: City Outskirts.  Helps pull destiny ones out of your reserve and sets up past the Desert Heart to get your Jedi into Jabba’s Palace.

Corran Horn.  Spy that helps kill Undercover spies.  That is good.

Yoxgit.  Pull your sabers out of the lost pile.  He is free to deploy at Jabba’s Palace too.

Jar Jar.  The best spy in the business.  He isn’t even a spy and that is the beauty part.

Padme.  A character that can pull Obi and Qui-Gon.  That is card efficiency.  Plus she can’t be targeted by weapons when with them.

Threepio With His Parts Showing.  A necessity for this low destiny behemoth of a deck.  In one battle, I drew a series of six ones and zeros.  Threepio needs to be used to help you get high destinies for battles.  Without him this deck couldn’t chop a Talz or get over Leia Organa’s immunity to attrition.  He deploys for free at Jabba’s Palace while Profit isn’t flipped so just put him somewhere safe out of danger.  How can this Threepio be better than the fifty other versions of Threepio that are out there?  Use him and find out.

Advantage.  Adds to the direct damage this deck can establish.  You should be killing plenty of characters with ability > 4 with this deck and you
have Jedi who are not going to die.  Pull it when you start.  If for some reason Han is forever dead or Profit gets stalled you can use Advantage to get some force loss going.

Tunnel Vision.  A better destiny then the combo version.  A three is a lot better than a one.  Plus with the It Could Be Worse card you can cancel drains just as well without the Control portion of the combo card.  Use Tunnel Vision to get out your sites or whatever card you need.

Narrow Escape.  Run away from a battle you don’t like.

Nabrun Leids.  As Mob Points goes so goes IAO.  In theory that is the way it should work.  Some decks already don’t use IAO so you can Nabrun all over the place.

Weapon Levitation.  Get the dark side sabers so they can’t duel or chop.

Someone Who Loves You.  Frees Han when you are not able to free him by ordinary means.  

Sense.  Cancel interrupts when you really need to.

Transmission Terminated/Out Of Commission combo X 2.  Pretty obvious why this is in here but it is also an awesome card to have in there for Threepio.

Smoke Screen.  The destiny is really low in this deck and that will kill you in every game.  Plus if they play Guri or that AO that limits you to one destiny then you aren’t going to do much.  This card saves you from all of those worries.

It Could Be Worse.  This card saves you from having to worry about podracing.  It saves you from having to play with Controls to stop force drains.  These cards will win you games.  Of course it could lose you games.  When have you seen anyone that plays with the It’s Worse combo card?

Were You Looking For Me.  This card lets you get Threepio with his Parts Showing quickly.  You can use this card anytime you draw it to track a five destiny.  Plus you can retrieve Threepio whenever you lose him.  You probably don’t want to battle with Threepio so don’t use the destiny adder part unless you really need to.  Threepio is just to good to risk killing in a battle.

A Jedi’s Resilience.  This card can save one of your characters.  Then you can Yoxgit for his saber.  Its main purpose is to help you in a Duel.  Its destiny 6 makes it a prime candidate for recycling and tracking with Threepio.

Old Ben.  This card can saves your characters on Tatooine when you really don’t want them to be lost.  Saves Obi to revive and saves Han when you need him.

Gift of the Mentor.  This card gets out the sabers better than Weapon Levitation does and gives you a nice 5 to recycle with Threepio.

No Anakin’s Lightsaber?  I don’t use this saber because Leia has a built in weapon.  Luke’s saber adds one to his defense value as well.

Questions?
Why is this a good deck?   This is a good deck because it has direct damage potential as well as a good force drain.  It has the high powered characters that can take down the dark sides toughest characters.    
The only down side is the dark side gets to start with two aliens in the Audience Chamber and can just keep fortifying that site.  

Thanks to Chris Janiak for giving me the idea for this deck.
-Michael Raveling   