---
author: Dan "Gil-galad" H
title: Pod-Profit Beats
side: Light
date: 2001-11-03
description: This deck has done great for me in tournies and is just plain fun to play.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (8) 

Podrace Prep 
Tatooine: Podrace Arena 
Anakin’s Podracer 
Boonta Eve Podrace 
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace 
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber 
Han with Blaster Pistol 
You Can Either Profit By This / Or Be Destroyed 
{An Effect of Your Choice (explained below)} 

MISCELLANIOUS (1) 

I Did It! 

CHARACTERS (14) 

Boush 
Lando with Vibro-Ax (x2) 
Chewbacca, Protector 
Qui-Gon Jinn (x2) 
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber (x2) 
Corran Horn 
Tawss Khaa 
Han with Blaster Pistol (2nd One) 
Luke with Lightsaber (x3) 

EFFECTS (5) 

Goo Nee Tay 
Battle Plan & Draw Their Fire 
Underworld Contacts 
Honor Of the Jedi 
Ounee Ta 

LOCATIONS (1) 

Tatooine: Cantina (Don’t rate me 1 star for ‘No sites’ just yet) Read Below 

WEAPONS (1) 

Qui-Gon Jinn*s Lightsaber 

INTERRUPTS (30) 

Weapon Levitation 
Tunnel Vision (x2) 
A Jedi*s Resilience (x2) 
Slight Weapons Malfunction 
Neck and Neck 
We Wish To Board At Once (x2) 
Sense & Recoil in Fear (x4) 
A Step Backward (x3) 
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach 
Too Close For Comfort (x2) 
Alter 
Rebel Barrier 
Run, Luke Run 
Sorry About the Mess & Blaster Proficiency (x2) 
It Could Be Worse 
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated (x2) 
Blaster Deflection 
Double Agent (x2)  

Strategy: 

This has NO RF3

REALLY IMPORATANT POINT #1: I do NOT need more force!!! I have never required more than 8 force a game...EVER!!! I can save for as long as I want (within reason) and not get hurt by their drains or direct damage. Trust me, it works. 

REALLY IMPORTANT POINT #2: I do NOT need space! Almost every DS space deck has kashyyyk, Sullust, Endor, Kiffex, etc. These all give me HUGE amounts of force so there plenty for battle Plan. You gotta trust me on this one, too. I have played PLENTY of space decks and I always come out on top in the 30’s. 

I don*t mean to sound mean, but the amount of space/ force mail anbd ratings to evrything else is about 4:1 so I need to get the point across. Thanks. Now... 


I*M BEGGING YOU TO READ THROUGH THE WHOLE STRATEGY BEFORE RATING. 

All right, this deck just plain rocks. This version has gone 9-1 including beating people with over 200 rating points above me in tournament play. It has beaten everything from Hunt Down (racing and not) to Bring Him Before Me to even Maul Mains. The power and surprise of these mains is just unstoppable. 

DESTINY DRAWS 

0*s = 2 
1*s = 13 
2*s = 3 
3*s = 8 
4*s = 11 
5*s = 11 
6*s = 5 


STARTING EFFECTS 
Here*s how I use them 
~HDADTJ, AOBS, Walker Garrison - Honor of the Jedi 
~BHBM, (No Money, NP, ND), and a default would be Goo Nee Tay 
~Ralltir Ops, Operatives - Ounee Ta 
~TIEs or any other space oriented - Battle Plan (especially against SYCFA or Endor Ops (they usually give me all of their Battleground sites so I can hold them)) 
~Maul Mains - Underworld Contacts (Converts back my sites) 

GOOD QUESTIONS THAT COME UP OFTEN: 

Q: Why no space, you idiot?! 
A: In most Pod-Profit decks, you see R2 in Red 5 as the lone ship in the deck. I would think that that would be setting yourself up to a HUGE beat down. You deploy to a system with Luke in it (by the way, a waist of a good GROUND character) and I guess just sit there and wait for your opponent to deploy 10 TIE*s and a Dreadnought and your butt blown out of the sky. Seems pointless to me. Profit is a land deck, so I say keep it that way. 


Q: Why only one extra site? Are you stupid or something?!? 
A: With Tatooine: Jabba*s Palace, Jabba*s Palace: Audience and Tatooine: Podrace Race Arena, that gives me 6 force to start (assuming they give me none, which barely ever happens.) 6 force saved for the first 2 to three turns is 12 to 18 force. That is more then enough for EPP Luke, Lando, and Obi-Wan to come down and some more force to spare. I Have NEVER needed more force then what i get and what they give. 


Let me go into some strategy now: 
~ Basic Setup 

START OF THE GAME 
Make sure to start the race. Be patient and don*t invade Mara and Xixor too early. RF 3 decks may put the new Boba Fett there instead of Xixor, but hey, all the better. If they really want to use and lose 2 Force on their first turn while also using 2 MORE force for flashing me with Sebulba, then by all means, go ahead. An ideal invasion of the Audience Chamber would be Lando and Luke with their weapons and a Sorry about the Mess or Double Agent. Against a new Boba and Mara, all which would be needed is the Double Agent to Mara, and a beating on Boba with Luke*s Saber and 2 battle destiny. If it is the new Boba and…ohhh…let*s say Thok and Thug, then try the minute chance that you could exclude one of them. If that doesn*t work, SATM one of them. Either way, they won*t draw Battle destiny (besides the fact that they will use and lose 3 force 1st turn!) 

MIDDLE GAME 
Win the race (even if they do have *You*ve Never Won a Race?* You still retrieve 6). Deploy I Did It! And use it first chance you have 3 battlegrounds occupied. (The non-retrieving part of I Did It! is not essential, just a bonus). You should be able to hold one or 2 sites strongly with…Luke and Han at one and Lando and Chewie at another (I just made those up, by the way). If your opponent deploys, there are a couple resources that you have. 

1) Rebel Barrier 
2) Tunnel Vision for Something 
3) Take It 

When your opponent battles… 

1) Run, Luke Run 
2) Too Close For Comfort 
3) Slight Weapons Malfunction 
4) Sorry About the Mess 
5) Blaster Deflection 
6) Sense 
7) A Jedi*s Resilience 
8) It Could Be Worse 

Though there are many, many options for defending, that is not the strong point of this deck. It basically plays off your opponent*s sites and characters to lay a smack down. In one game, I beat my opponent in three turns killing a lone Xixor TWICE (lost 1, then deployed another) for a total of about 50 cards battle damage! No one expects Luke and Lando to go down to the Audience Chamber FIRST TURN for 7 force and totally beat them up that early. And they really don*t expect that to happen AND THEN see Obi and Qui-Gon go down THIRD TURN and do the exact same thing, but worse! 

END GAME 

I usually win in mid-game, but if it happened to go to end game scenario, then this is what to do. 

First, it seems like when playing with this deck (or especially against it) there are more then 60 cards in the deck. It has that WYS quality to it. A couple reasons for this are: 

1) When playing with or against it sometime, check how many effects the Light Side has on the table. Tops 3, compared to some Dark Side decks that have 10+. And what*s real cool is you seem to be able to counter everything! 

2) 19 of the 30 interrupts are either *used* or *used or lost*. This gets some great circulation going. 

3) You will never have more than 7 characters on the table at one time. I*ve talked to opponents that I*ve beaten and they all say that it seems almost like 20 characters are on the table at one time when there are only 5 or 6! This small amount of characters also cuts way down on *force on the table.* 


~ Match Ups for Popular Decks In The Current Meta: 
Here*s some match ups against popular decks right now and PROBABLY after Reflections 3 comes out. 

Vs. Hunt Down: I have played this match up a lot and this is the most fun match up. I start Honor of the Jedi to hopefully counter Visage for a couple of turns while I gather my forces. The opponent usually starts Mara Jade, TEH and Prince Xixor as the two aliens they start off with. As I explained before, this is no problem and usually I get to give them a couple force loss from battle damage in the end. A Jedi*s Resilience and Run, Luke Run help a lot against the duels. I have also Sensed stuff against HDADTJ before (hehe) even with the +4 part. There should be A LOT of battling and a ton of fun. Average Game Differential: about +15 

Vs. Tatooine Watto Objective: This is the hardest match up for Profit because the almost ALWAYS occupy 3 battlegrounds (Watto*s Junkyard, Mos Espa, and Audience Chamber to start) so Honor of the Jedi doesn*t really work against them when they are flipped. Remember that they can only drain for one at all Tatooine sites while they are not flipped. Watch out for beat down Maul and The Phantom Menace (which, by the way, you can cancel with OOC/Transmission Terminated. This match up should be fun and come down to the wire. Average Game Differential: about +10 

Vs. Maul*s Hut Mains 
I start Underworld Contacts to convert my sites back. His Maul, Mara, and Vader are no match for my destinies and my mains. Yet another fun game because there is so much battling. Maul is the hardest to beat up, but it is possible. If he leaves some one alone at the Desert Landing Site, then invade it with one of the three spies in the deck. The only way they really make you lose force is from battling and draining (no direct damage) so no need for Honor of the Jedi. My favorite match up. I have a 5-1 record against Maul Mains (3-1 in tourney SO I WILL NOT GET FORCE CHOKED!!!) Underworld Contacts totally kills Theoir activation. If I use Underworld Contacts first turn, then THEY will activate barely enough (10 WITH the my Cantina out and DS Mains cost More then LS EPPs). Average Game Differential: about +15 

Well, there you have it. The best Light Side non-RF3 deck, in my opinion. Whatever YOUR opinion is, please rate this sweet deck.  