---
layout: archive
author: ! jason "zwitter" baretta
title: ! "StormySkies in AustraliaNo R3 DarkDeal"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-11
description: ! "Troopers are cheap, powerful, quick and thank god immune to GooNeeTay. Dark Deal is a beast in the current meta. here we go..."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start 7

TDIGWATT

Upper walkway (exterior site)

I&#8217;m sorry

IAO/secret plans

Crush the rebellion

(3rd effect depends on opponent)

Prepared defenses


Locations 5

Bespin

Cloud City

CCdocking bay

Chasm walkway

West gallery


Character 17

EPP Vader x2

Ozzel

Thrawn

Captain Bewil

Sergeant Major Enfield

Sergeant Torent

Trooper Davin Felth(white border)

Sergeant Irol

Corporal Drazin

Sergeant Wallen

Sergeant Merril

Trooper Jerrol Blendin

Major Bursk

Sergeant Major Narthax

Stormtrooper Cadet x2


Starships 7

Zuckuss in Misthunter

Bossk in hounds tooth

Chimeara

Os-71-1 in Obsidian 1

Obsidian 7

Tie interceptor x2


Weapons 2

SFS tie Laser cannon x2


Effects 8

TINT/OE (start if you suspect SAC)

Allegations of corruption (start against WYS, dagobah)

Wipe them out all of them (start against Racing)

First strike 

Dark Deal x2

Cloud City occupation

Black sun fleet -AO


Interrupts14

Trooper assault x4

Tactical support x2

Stunning leader

Dark maneuvers/talon roll

Evader/monnok

Ghhk/TRWEU

Imperial command x2

Projective telepathy

I&#8217;d just as soon kiss a wookie


'

Strategy: '

EDIT** OK the comp is over, but still review this deck for what it is, a good deck that can compete well post R3 without any R3 of its own. 

EDIT2** in response to reviews i would not use ’Stormtrooper Garison’ because it is far to much to deploy compared to a another normal unique trooper who can get up to almost as much power. trooper assault is ok with them, but it only adds 2 to power, no more. and it’s destiny doesn’t really help this deck. so no iwould not use it, it is just to much to deploy, i mean old crinkly palpy is cheaper.

EDIT3** i’d just like to thank you all who have seen the true (sic)ness of this deck. and i’d like to give a big up yours to the 2 b1tches who gave this deck a half and a 2.


Hi all, this is the deck I have been using in the last 4 tournaments, leading up to and during the release of R3 and has performed excellently. In those tournaments I went 1st, 2nd, 4th (bad Ls deck at this one), and 1st. It has very few weaknesses so I’ve decided to share it with you all and see what you think (besides I haven’t posted a deck in AGES). It is has beaten all the major LS decks in the current environments, including WYS, R3 objective, QMC, Profit, Mains, Hidden base and RST. Ok this is how it plays


Early game Pull your 2 interior B/G from reserve and activate. Since this deck has 11 icons of it’s own, all of which should be on the table by 2nd turn, activation particularly during the early game is very nice. Deploy your sites and use the objective to search for a card. Always pull Cloud City into hand and unless your playing WYS deploy it straight away. While your there grab the DB with IAO/ combo that you deployed as your secret plans with the objective. Also grab evader/monnok (you’ll probably need this asap).

	Draw the first turn and on your second activate a lot and play lost monnok (if the opponent drew more than 12 play a used in his turn and then pull it out again.) if he has no real offense you might want to drop 3 troopers to 3 different sites drop a ship to CC after grabbing DarkDeal from reserve. However, if he has some big main characters play more conservatively, wait to build up a force of troopers with some protection. It this case I would wait till I had at least 1 or 2 trooper assaults deploy some troopers and a ship for DD them move the troopers together and if need be land the ship where the troopers are (this may be turn 3-4). If he hasn’t done any thing to stop you on his next turn drain him for 6-10 force (best case scenario)


Mid game  it’s around this time most good players will think “I’d better do something to stop the big drains I’m gonna take in the a$$ next turn” and try to do something. It would be unlikely that he’ll just charge head long into your characters (unless he’s playing suicide mains) he’ll try to either try to do his own game (which might include setting up Menace Fades) or try and cancel DD by occupying 4 bespin locations. If he leaves you alone to do his own thing (i.e. in a ‘we’ll handle this’ game) you will out drain him. That’s it. Just spread with the appropriate protection. Set up CC occupation. And maybe send EPP vader on a suicide run to slow him down. 

If he sets up M/F you must play more slowly, take time to set up. In this scenario you can take control of Bespin System and either get CC occupation going if that’s all it takes, or deploy Black Sun Fleet. This way you can move Bossk or Zuckuss in front of his system in your control phase to prevent him satisfying M/f and drain him as normal. Drains of 10+ will knock him over Real quick like. Once you flip he can’t cancel your drains either. If he comes to you to cancel DD play tactical support to get 3 troopers, you should have at least another in hand, probably Vader aswell. drop em on his weakest location , battle. First strike helps. Trooper assault. That’s at least 15-22 power + 4 from DD + destiny. That should clear him out. Once you have removed him redeploy dark deal.


Late Game By now you have either beat him down or drained him down (unless something has gone Horribly, horribly wrong) to the point where can no longer really pound on you so spread out to all available sites with at least 2 troopers and maybe an trooper assault or some thing. DD should provide extra protect through its power bonus. Don’t do anything stupid though unless you have your ghhhk in hand. Stick to that formula and everything should go smoothly.


Card Choices 

Bewil; though he is not a trooper, he prevents opponents characters from moving away from him to a mobile site. This helps setting a massive trooper beating on Padme(or someone) when the lass has tried to cancel DD and finds she can’t pi$$ off 2 another site


Cadets less power, but cheaper and can be forfeited to satisfy all attrition should the need arise


Interceptors & Lasers just about the only way of killing off the completely broken card ‘Han, Chewie in Falcon’. They can shoot twice, just make sure they hit Or it could get real nasty. There is 3 cards (2x Imp. Command & D. maneuvers) that can be easily tracked for the sure hit, if your not inclined to track like a pro. Also helps against WYS/QMC ships.


Grabber essential in every deck, grab abusive interrupts (V. vision etc), sense, retrievers. At the very least grab a high destiny used interrupt it’s a card for card ratio.


Wipe them out all of them. just so you can still play trooper assault in case of IdidIt, Frozen assets or beggar, though these cards will be few and far between now.


Black Sun Fleet anti menace fades as explained above


Tactical support losing 2 cards voluntarily is not to appetizing but it sure helps setting up massive Trooper beats, gets Enfield and torent who add destiny together


I’d just as soon kiss a wookiee yeah, its errataed and crappy now, but you can’t use barrier so this is the next best thing. Helps separate beating crews and pilots from ships. i.e. divide and conquer


Odds protection ok inserts is dead. the shields have killed em. thats what i thought until last tournament richard barton stuck me with an AFA of course i actually didn’t have any R3 so it popped b4 i could do anything about it anyway, projective is in the deck 4 AFA. as far as numbers are concerned, any deck using odds wouldn’t be very aggressive so i think just rely on the troopers destiny of 3 making a total of 9 to soften the damage. at the very worst you can play i’d just as soon kiss a wookiee to bounce it back until next turn, giving you time to do something.

MATCH UPS 

WYS still the deck to beat. This one is not really that hard, stunning leader in the cantina can end the game in one turn, though this will get less and less likely as this card becomes more common in the R3 obj. decks. M. fades hurts but can be got around. Even with out dark deal occupation should put the nails in the coffin, just grab either Control/TV or edges. Also B/p is the bane of this deck but as long as you get to bespin system with and admiral on something (ideally chimera ) this should not hurt so much. Hey you can pay for it if need be. Also do not deploy cloud city till you have a ship to get DD on table in one turn. Other wise an early dash or wedge could be a real pain on the a$$. Thrawn protects your AO


Duel of the Fates( R3 obj.) really not that much of a worry either. Yeah they can set up quick with qui-gon and obi on their sites, but you can set up just as quick with and drain for twice as much. Their super mains will cost a fortune to deploy to Cloud city (+1 more if you control the system). The 4 force they give u at the start will mean lightning quick set up, and when Qui-gon is sitting alone at the Naboo core gen. Drop 4 troopers and Vader on him for a sh1t load of overflow. First strike is money in this match up. Even if they throw out the B/p shield you should have little resistance holding bespin with a minimum of ships (don’t leave obsidian 7 there holding his d1ck for han/chewie/falcon though) I played this match up against a good player in a tournament on Sunday and didn’t work up a sweat.


Hidden Base Monnok. Spread. Flip. No drain canceling. Sit at Bespin. Probe if your fell the need. Let occupation eat em up. Thrawn+chimeara = pie 


TRM( mains) don’t spread out at all. Not even once. This is a tough match cause they will throw everything they’ve got at you. Play very conservative. Draw up till you can establish yourself at bespin system. You’ll need very force you can get. So start TINTOE but dive for WTOAOT for the extra activation during their turn. Once you have plenty of troopers deploy Dark Deal and occupation but moved on to 1 site. When they come have at least  2 trooper assaults cause it could get grabbed and sensed. Vader will be important to reduce the forfeit of their mains. You can really over power them with 6 troopers, vader, DD, ships at cloud city, but you gotta play smart. If you get god luck you might catch a scrub character like chewie, mirax, or some crap with stunning leader, ending the game in one turn, but this is unlikely. I’d just as soon kiss a wookiee, will help to bounce a character back to their hand allowing you to handle the smaller force. Crush will prevent more than 2 Battle destiny. 

Alternatively if you monnok early and see they’ve got no major force drop everything quick and get in some big drains b4 they can come after you, potentially causeing the lose of vital cards off the top. This strategy is uber risky. I’d just fight it out. Occupation will take its toll.


QMC Toughest match up. You will be hard pressed to get to bespin early and keeping DD on table will be next to impossible. B/plan will be your worst enemy. Just like playing mains, stay consolidated but don’t dump all your troopers to one location.. Try and catch pucumir with stunning leader. The Ties and laser will make or break you. Try track and shoot down dash, han/chewie/falcon. Let zuckuss and chimeara w/ ozzel take care of the rest. The key is winning bespin system. If you can do that the game is yours. Get occupation and cancel their celebration. Talon Roll is also an option should the opportunity arise. Ghhhk/TrWEU can cancel hyper escape too if they commit to early and you can challenge them will a couple ships.


61 card 2nd stunning leader

62 2nd evader/monnok

63 another ship, prolly something for thrawn

64 bad feeling have I

65 2nd IJASKAWookiee

that’s all from me, thanx for reading. Feel free to d-mail me any questions etc.



'