---
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: Uk Open DS - Maul Strikes!
side: Dark
date: 2001-09-01
description: What I used at the UK open yesterday, tears up most decks in its path.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Desert Landing Site
Combat Rediness
Tat: Jabbas Palace

Audience Chamber
Lower Passages
Cantina
Blockade Flagship: Bridge  

The Phantom Menace 
Do They Have A Code Clearance
Come Here You Big Coward
Enter The Bureaucrat x2
Allegations Of Corruption
First Strike
You Cannot Hide Forever
Search And Destroy 

Mauls Stick 
Maras Dildo

Darth Maul x2
Darth Maul, YA 
Epp Vader x3
Mara Jade, TEH x2
4lom with gun
iggy with gun
Prince Xizor
P-59
Mighty Jabba
Galid
Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus

Sebulbas Pod 

Elis Helrot x3
I Have You Now x2
Maul Strikes x2
We Must Accelerate Our Plans
Masterful Move/Endor Occupation
Weapon Levitation
Force Lightning
Sense (Premier)
Sense/Uncertain Is The Future x2
Alter (Premier) x2
Force Field
Sniper/Dark Strike
You Are Beaten
Limited Resources
The Circle Is Now Complete
Podracer Collision  

Strategy: 

Ok, In the 4 weeks or so ive had it, the deck is now 7-1 in tourney play with the only loss to the Dark Surgeon himself
Alex Tennet. It has also only lost 1 friendly in about 12 outside tourneys. Theres nothing 
too sophisticated about this deck, you just deploy, drain, and beat the living cr@p out of the
opponent. Obviously first turn you pull the AC, if you get accel plans grab the bridge, and If you get Maul in opening hand
you can slap him down. The deck loves to elis all over the place but if they start Insurrextion/Aim High its no biggie.
Before you say "have i gone barking mad theres no space in this deck" You simply dont need it. Enter The Bureaucrat is a freakin
god card. For example, against a Hidden Base deck, my opponent drained me at kessel, so i slapped my Bureaucrats on Kessel and Kiffex
(because u can play both off the same drain) and his drain capacity was reduced to virtually nil. The fact u can put the card in
your used to draw 2 aswell is fantastic. Against WYS they will have to waste their Control/TV’s to deal with it, and ill grab control/tv with
allegations anyway. S/A is used all the time, even if they start DODN/WA because u never know when u might need to sense a crucial clash or 
something of that nature. 

Card Choices:

Enter The Bureaucrat: See Above

Mighty Jabba: Always good at JP, adds a destiny with Xizor, good immunity, not bad for 3 at jp.

Galid: Ups your force drains if you need to up them, i dont use him that much, be hes definately worth his spot

Dengar with gun: Another Nail in the coffin of WYS, combined with Dr E & Ponda and P-59 and you’ll be able to take
out 4 characters in 1 battle.

Palpy & Janus: Too Good to leave out, can sit nicely together and hold a site in conjunction with force lightning, force field, i have you now etc etc

Masterful Move/Endor Occupation: Cancels Celebrations, a cycling 5, great in combo with force lightning for tracking.

Podracer Collision: With your high destiny and S/A, you have a reasonable chance of winning races, this helps that little bit more,
ive also been able to use it quite a bit for removing pesky interrupts from decks

Matchups:

WYS; PLEASSE!! I have beaten 4 WYS’s in tourney play, the smallest win was by 30. WYS cannot handle this deck anymore. You shoot/slash/operate
anything they put down, u grab control/tunnel, u bureaucrat kessel and they are not left with alot they can do, take over the cantina with maul or
palpy and send the rest of the squad out smuggler hunting. A game you should win 9 times out of 10

Pile/Shmi/Harvest Mains: As much as i hate to say it, my LS cannot hold up against my dark. Take over the lars moisture farm and the extra +1 to weapon 
destiny goes along way towards ensuring they never get it back. Use code clearance on Harvest, or sense it. Force Lightning naked 3p0 if he comes within
reach. Grab Mess or OOC and battle battle battle. Another game u should win most of the time.

Hyperdrive Generator: Maul is immune to attrition, and they only have qui and obi they can realistically get rid of him. Maul and pals can take over the junkyard 
quite easily, the likes of Panaka and Padme cannot hold up against P-59, iggy, dengar, 4lom and friends. If they are somehow able to stack 4 cards on credits
it doesnt make much of a difference, the amounts of character you will clear out it wont matter about them retrieving off BD’s. Another comfortable 1

MWYHL Proper: You should have them virtually to the point of death by the time they approach test 5. Pull CHYBC asap to force them into coming to ground so u can beat
the piss out of them. If they refuse Drains and S and D will eat them up plus they wont be able to retrieve. Barring disasters or horrible draws you should win this
quickly.

MWYHL Pod Manip: This has only surfaced recently so im not too sure how this will play out. Even with MWYHL with Palpy out u can still sense visored vision, and 
be sure to grab it too. Bureaucrat will go on kessel to stop that, and Obi can be circled to prevent him recurring with resilience. You also have a half decent shot of winning
the podrace. Watch out for LITW. I think u can win this quite well, but ill let you know after i play it :)

HB Flip: Hardest Match. Opening hand Maul + Bureaucrat is desireable. 2nd turn pull Mara and stick with AC for draining. Spread out but not too thin. Drains and S and D will eat them
even after they flip. Bureau kessel and kiffex/coruscant. They will eventually come to ground to satisfy S and D, and thats when u bite them in the a$s with an elis or something of that 
nature, Sniper Boussh/Tk if they dont use super falcon. Hard, but definately still winnable.

Sorry the strat is kinda short, but like i said, you dont need a degree in rocket science to play this deck, i can
see all kinds of sarcastic reviews coming, dont disappoint me :)

Jeebs 