---
author: Michael "Gilliatt" Raveling
title: State Deck-Raveling’s Euro-WYS
side: Light
date: 2001-05-14
description: This is the deck I used in the final confrontation of Minnesota states and gave me the differential to get there.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:(8)
WYS
Tattoine
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: DB
Heading For the Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas
Draw Their Fire

Locations:(1)
Kessel

Characters:(20)
Luke w/Saber X 2
Han w/Blaster x 2
Melas X 3
Ralltiir Freighter Captain X 3
Dash Rendar X 2
Chewie w Blaster
Lando w Blaster
Palace Raider
Mirax Terrik
Wedge
Talon Karrde
Theron Nutt
Artoo and Threepio

Starships:(6)
Pulsar Skate
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1
Red 10
Patrol Craft

Interrupts:(19)
Tunnel Vision X 4
Don’t Get @#$%y X 2
Out of Commision and Transmittion X 2
Run Luke Run X 2
Rebel Barrier X 2
Fallen Portal
Old Ben
Were You Looking For Me
A Few Manuevers
Darklighter Spin
Ive Got a Bad Feeling About This
Artoo, I Have A Bad Feeling About This

Effects:(5)
Beggar X 2
Ounee Ta
Your Insight Serves You Well
Battle Plan

Admirals Orders:(1)
I’ll Take The Leader


Strategy: 

Getting Started: 
Use Heading for the Medical Frigate to start with Draw Their Fire, Squadron Assignments, and Staging Areas.  Versus some deck types like Ralltir Ops, Operatives, and AOBS start with Ounee Ta in place of Staging Areas. 

Nothing to do before you activate so go. Once you’re done pull Kessel from reserve.  Now your only zero is out of your deck.  Now what you need to do is draw and try to set up your hand for the beatdown.  You need Luke, Han, Don’t Get Coky, Artoo, and some forfeit fodder.  Draw up for them.  Draw up for Tunnel Visions to get those cards.  Lose cards from reserve whenever you take damage to try to get Run Luke Run or Tunnel Vision or other useful interrupts to play.  When you have your beatdown hand wait for your opponent to deploy somewhere.  During this time you can try to establish an early drain at Kessel with a first turn ship.  Or you can try to go to the Tatooine DB if you feel secure.  Doing these two things early will make the opponent deploy a ship or character to beatdown on.

Mid game: 
Around turn three or four is the midgame.  You have drawn up your beatdown force and are ready to go.  If your opponent saved force you then need Beggar before you can kill him so draw or Tunnel Vision for that.  If you fear tramples or force lightning then deploy a little bit smarter; ex Artoo to Patrol Craft or a ship on ground.  If there is no fear of character removal then it is time to go.  Deploy Artoo and Threepio and grab I Got A Bad Feeling About This.  Deploy Luke, Han, and scrub. Play I Have A Bad Feeling About This.  Initiate battle.  You might have the chance to play Run Luke Run in the ’just’ part of battle.  Do that.  Then play Don’t Get Coky as your first action.  Chop and shoot.  Now play any other interrupts.  Game over.  Of course it doesn’t always work as easy as that but with 4 Tunnel Visions and doubles of all the cards it should most of the time.  

Late Game: 
If there is a late game then you didn’t get the beatdown going.  Well that stinks.  It is probably because Han was trampled or captured or Force Lightninged or you are having bad luck.  That is the problem with beatdown/one turn ender decks.  If they don’t work then you just kinda sit there looking stupid.

Card Choices: 
Tunnel Visions:  I tried to cram as many of these in here as possible.  You get to play them eight times to try to get your hand set up with everything you need.  You can avoid Monnok as hand control using this card effectively.   

Were You Looking For Me:  Get 3-PO.  Retrieve him.  In some cases you even get to add a destiny with this card.   It is also a destiny 5 recycler.  A nifty card.  Saves you from having to have 2 Artoo and Threepio cards in here.  Plus you can retrieve him 2 times with this interrupt.  

Darklighter Spin:  Get around Imperial Command and Guri in Space.  Only reason it’s in here.

Old Ben:  A holdover from my other WYS deck.  It can keep your guys alive longer than they should.

Don’t Get Coky:  I went up from one to two of this card so that I could make sure I had it when I needed it.  In the early game I would sometimes miss having it.

A Few Maneuvers:  Save your ship and add to Darklighter Spin.  Nice Recyclable destiny too.  Would probably be the first card I take out though.  Not really useful in as many situations as I had thought it would be.  I always just forfeited it from hand anyway. 

Melas:  Why 3 Melas?  It started out as a mistake when I built this WYS but I left it.  Having Melas when you need him was great.  He gets around Zuckuss in space and he has the highest ability of any smuggler.  Just a great character to have in a WYS deck and I found that 3 made him come into my hand early in the game when I needed him.

YISYW: Lots of low destiny characters means inserts would do more damage to this deck than anything. It is also a nice destiny and can pull battle plan. 

Character Mix:  The characters are the standard WYS character mix.  Not a lot of variety to choose from so they have to pretty much stay fixed.

Kessel:  Drain of three in the early game.  Can be game breaking if you dare to try for it.  I sometimes went for it and I sometimes did not.  Up to you really on how you want to play it.  If you have Dash and a barrier in hand first turn I would say go for it.  You could draw them out and set them up for the beatdown right away.  What I would recommend is to hold it in your hand as long as possible though.  Your opponent will probably not deploy to Tatooine as long as they have to worry about a possible drain three system coming down.

Deck Matchups: 
This is one deck matchup section that I would actually say is the same for almost every deck type you face.  You are going for the beatdown and it doesn’t matter if they have some alien sitting at Jabba’s Palace or if it is Vader at the Cantina.  The setup and battle is the same.  If they deploy to space you need to get one of the ships that has enough slots to have the beatdown crew all sit in there.
I recommend beating down on Zuckuss in MistHunter just because he is the cause of so much annoyance in the first place.

I would like to thank Falke and Winkelhaus for the WYS deck idea.  This deck copies their decks in a lot of meaningful ways but it is not a direct copy.  I had to adjust certain things for my local metagame.  In its first incarnation this WYS deck was almost totally like their decks but over time I had to adjust it and tweak it.  The four Tunnel Visions came about from the use of Monnok/Evader with Crush the Rebellion to limit hand size.  If you can’t draw your cards you can’t play the beatdown.
I would also like to thank Jon Swenson who helped with this deck and Zach Stenerson for playtesting.
This deck is the direct counterpart to my BHBM that was previously posted.  Go check out that deck for the second part to my states three part story.

Any Questions?
1. Ties.  Ties need force to play Imperial Barrier, shoot, or play All Power to Weapons.  You take that away with beggar and then you beatdown on them.  Maybe they will get to shoot your wimpy ship on their turn if they can even survive to their turn.  If they live past the one turn game ender battle then run away.
-Michael Raveling     