---
author: Nathaniel "The Rancor" Boggs
title: MBO blow up the Death Star in 5 turns
side: Light
date: 2001-02-05
description: This deck is made to blow up the death star in 5-6 turns causing 14 force loss.
It is a fun deck to play and it can win if you know how.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

 

[CARDLIST]
Admiral’s Orders
   2x I’ll Take The Leader

Characters
   2x Boushh
   1x Bren Quersey
   1x Colonel Cracken
   1x Dash Rendar
   1x Elyhek Rue
   1x General Calrissian
   1x General Crix Madine
   1x Lieutenant Blount
   1x Lieutenant Greeve
   1x Lieutenant Naytaan
   2x Luke Skywalker
   1x Nien Nunb
   3x Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
   2x Rebel Tech
   1x Theron Nett
   1x TK-422
   1x Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Effects
   1x Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advise S
   1x Scrambled Transmission S
   1x Squadron Assignments S

Epic Events
   2x Attack Run

Interrupts
   1x Heading For The Medical Frigate S
   4x Shocking Information

Locations
   1x Death Star
   2x Death Star: Trench
   1x Kashyyyk
   1x Kessel
   1x Kiffex
   1x Yavin 4 S
   1x Yavin 4: Docking Bay S
   1x Yavin 4: Massassi Ruins
   1x Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

Objectives
   1x Massassi Base Operations S

Starships
   2x Artoo-Deetoo In Red 5
   1x Gold Squadron 1
   1x Outrider
   1x Red 10
   1x Red 7
   1x Red 8
   1x Red 9
   1x Red Squadron 1
   1x Tala 1
   1x Tala 2

Weapons
   2x Enhanced Proton Torpedoes
   2x X-wing Laser Cannon




Strategy: 

S = starting


   The idea is to blow up the Death Star by turn 5.  With Strike Planning get Gen. Cal. And Gen. Crix Madine.  First turn Deploy a Yavin 4 site and Crix then get a scout Lieutenant Blount, Colonel Cracken, or Lieutenant Greeve. Next turn get your 3rd site and another scout deploy Lieutenant Blount w/Tala 2 to the docking bay and the other scout to the other site. Flip and move Tala 2 to the system.  It draws destiny so it should not be a problem this early unless you are playing against a space deck.  


   After you flip pull the stuff to blow up the Death Star into hand with the obj.  The Rebel Techs let you get the Trench. A tip is to search for a shocking info first and make sure it is there.  Use scrambled transmission to get 2 shocking infos this is what you will track to blow up the Death Star.  I know its unique but if you play one at the beginning of your turn and one at the end of opponents turn they will be right together.  This gives you 10 plus 3 for the sites and your ability of a pilot usually Luke is enough to blow the Death Star away and cause 14 damage.  With your plus 2 drains you should be able to win.

   Use your undercover spies to block drains and hit them with obi when they least expect it.  It will cause them to protect their sites more which helps you out a lot.


Against TIEs get out I’ll take the Leader ASAP.  This kills them unless they have an Admirals Order.  It should give you the advantage and if they use Sycfa then they lose a lot of generation.

Against other decks play smart and your damage and drains and trackable 5s should give you a win.

And most of all its fun to play.

Constructive Reviews Appreciated.

Thanks for looking.  Give it a try even if it is just for fun.

This is the about best MBO is going to get I think.  I just like to blow things up.  
Thanks for any help.

You can check out my tie deck at http://216.122.219.159/swccg/decks/dark/darkdetail.php3?deck=13393



