---
layout: archive
author: ! Dominic "Decktech" Gaudreault
title: ! "The True Dominic’s Dagoba Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-02
description: ! "I am tired of seeing all those sh1tty dagoba deck. they are rediculous. Thats why people think Dagoba Suck. But ask ANYONE who play me. Its a machine."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Usual Strating 


Mind what u have learned 

Wise Advice 

The Way of Things 

Battle Plan / Draw Their Fire

Heading for the Medical Frigate 

Dagobah 


Location (6) 


Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

Dagobah Bog Cleaning 

Dagobah Yoda s Hut 

Dagobah Traning Area 

Dagobah Swamp 

Dagobah Jungle 


Characters (10) 


Yoda 

Daughter of Skywalker 

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3 

Qui-Gon Jinn x2 

Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2 

TK-422 


Weapons (2) 


Luke s Lightsaber 

Qui-Gon Jinn s Lightsaber 


Device


Landing Claw x2


Starship


Artoo-detoo in Red 5 

Gold Leader In Gold 1

Red Leader In Red 1


Jedi test


Great Warrior 

A Jedi&#8217;s Strength 

Domain of Evil 

Size Matters Not 

It is the Future You See 

You Must Confront Vader 


Effects


Throw Back

What Are u Trying to Push on Us

A Tragedy Has Occured

Anger, Fear, Aggression x4 

Uncontrolable Furry

Projection of a Skywalker x2 

Your Insight Serves You Well 


Interrupt 


On The Edge x2 

Off The Edge

Clash Of Sabers 

It Could Be Worse x2 

The Signal

We Wish To Board at Once x2

Out of Commission /Combo

Transmision Terminated x2

Gift of The Mentor 

A Jedi s Resilience 

'

Strategy: '

So i need to convince you that this deck is a beast ??? well it is. 


the strategy is simple but you need a LOT of practice to be good.


you train. meanwhile you try to lock the oponent. you have undercover ( test 3 is great to protect TK-422 ) . landing claw. projection of a skywalker. test 1 . ITCBW


you also have a couple of character to fight. Use them Wisely. You do not want to get beatdown. Even tho you can suicide with on the edge . I usualy fight in late game or very begining to surprise. but i mean you must judge.


as you will still loose force and your oponent will not loose much (afa). you will think . sh1t that deck suck . but then a couple AFA will have hit him. and you will have done some fight and he will have lots of card on table cause he need to drain at a lot of site to do damage. with all tour damage reductiion sh1t. then you will retrieve. dont worry about secret plans you usualy have nothing to do with your force. CHYBC is good against that deck . but it can easily be counter if you play well. make sure you occupy 2 site as jedi test 5 will be complete. (landing claw might help ) . always try to put that 0-7 (artoo)destiny. 


its so cool . you can say . I try to Hit vader with luke . I topdeck . I take the 0..... OH sh1t... Topdeck again... OH 7 . oh god i am so lucky. 


then you have edge and ICBW . dont forget that Its worst canot be play to increace the lost of card from a force drain if test 1 was complete.


so i will not put a strategy against all good dark side deck cause its always teh same. DID I SAY GOOD DARK SIDE DECK ???? oh i forgot , there is none good dark side deck. 


well actualy there is only 1 deck that is abel to beat me more that i can beat them ( cause i usualy never loose )... REALLY only 1  and its also only when yannick Lapointe play it. but I won’T say what it is...


oh yeah. for people that think I loose to space deck . I usualy win by 20 + and most of these time I did not had Any Ship in the deck... i dont even know why i boter playing with ship. anyways i am thinking of removing them and playing some counter-podrace sh1t ... well it depend on the meta


you must be really patient

'