---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "Dooger511" Fugett
title: ! "RTP  DSP"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-21
description: ! "My first stab at an RTP deck. I use Death Star Plans for retrieval. Great activation."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)

Resuce The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself

Death Star Detetion Block Corridor

Leia Organa

Death Star Docking Bay 327

Yavin 4 Docking Bay

Yavin 4 War Room

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Insurrection

Staging Areas


Locations (1)

Tatooine Docking Bay 94


Characters (15)

Ben Kenobi

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber

Luke With Lightsaber x2

Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol

Leia With Blaster Rifle

Lando With Blaster Pistol

Chewie With Blaster Rifle

Chewbacca, Protector

Orimaarko

Tawss Khaa

Owen Lars & Beru Lars

Figrin D’an

Artoo

8D8


Vehicles (2)

Lift Tube x2


Effects (8)

Projection Of A Skywalker x2

Lightsaber Proficiency

Bacta Tank

Traffic Control

Death Star Plans x3


Interupts (23)

Narrow Escape x3

Alter x3

Lift Tube Escapex2

Weapon Levitation x2

Houjix & Out Of Nowhere

Sorry About The Mess

Were Doomed

Fallen Portal

Rebel Barrier

Blast The Door, Kid

On The Edge

Sense

It’s A Trap

Path Of Least Resistance

Run Luke, Run

It Could Be Worse

Suprise Assault


Weapons (2)

Anakin’s Lightsaber

Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

I just built this deck today and wanted to see how it would do. I have only play tested it twice against my Rops deck and it won both times, (+11, +37) but I have not tested it against another person yet. 


The flip side to this objective is pretty good and it works well with Death Star Plans. I would use Prisoner 2186 if I had her, so I use Organ for now. This deck has massive retrieval and great activation. Mains provide for a nice beating.


Strategy is pretty simple, free Leia and get her to the War Room. Cards like Narrow Escape, Blast The Door, Kid, Path Of Least Resistance, Lift Tube Escape (Providing there is a Lift Tube present), and Rebel Barrier make avoiding battles with Leia pretty easy. Incase they Sense one of these cards, 3 Alters and a Sense should be good protection.


Once Leia is free, use the mains to take out any forces the opponent may be threatening with or where they are weak. Get the Plans and get some retrieval action. If Artoo is on table and your low on life force, Were Doomed cuts drains down considerably. With the high destiny in this deck and the flip side to RTP taking sites with a main or 2 should be no problem. Send Luke and Han to kill Vader and Tarkin and get rid of them for the game, then retrieve Han and Luke with DSP, it’s that easy


This deck doesn’t get a lot of activation from the sites, so I use Staging Areas to give me the extra acto that I need. Insurection is great for getting the Tatooine Docking Bay and dropping Ben there and bringing him to Yavin 4 or wherever he is needed. With the great activation paying for retrieving is no problem when opponent is playing Secret Plans. 


I think this deck looks good for now. It still needs to be tweaked a little bit, but it works pretty well. Tell me what you think and what I need to change. Please share your thoughts and ideas. -)


After I read your comments, like O.J. Simpson says, "I’ll take another stab at it."


'