---
layout: archive
author: ! Rich "ONE-ARM" Jeffery
title: ! "ONE-ARM’s Type II Senators of DEATH"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-02
description: ! "This deck Flips First Turn and Kills whatever the opponent drops down."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

My, Lord Is That Legal?/If it is, I’ll plead Insanity.

Begin Landing Your Troops

Start You Engines

Sebulba’s Pod

Daytona 500

Tatooine RacePlace

TAtooine Maul’s Hutt

Senator Death Chamber


Characters

Darth Maul, Young Apprentice x2

Darth Maul x2

Aurra Sung

P-59 x2

P-60 x2

Lotti Doddi, We Like To parti. x2

Porn Free Ta, Pimpus Maximus x2

Aks Moe

Yeb Yeb Whatever

Tikkes

ToonBuck Toora

Pa$$el Argente

Edcel Bar Gane x2

Keder The Black

Gradulla The Hutt

Nute Gunray


Effects

The Phantom Menace x2

Drop

This Is Outrageous

Our Blockade Is Perfectly Legal

Accepting Trade Federation Control

Motion Supported


Interrupts

Maul Strikes x3

No, Civility No Politics x3

Squabling Delegates x2

Vote Now x2

The Point Is Conceded

Podracer Collision x2

Control x2

On The Payroll Of The Trade Federation

Blockade Flagship Bridge

Coruscant Docking bay

Tatooine Mos Epsa Docking Bay


Weapons

Mauls Stick x2

'

Strategy: '

Check out my newer verion of this deck with SAC. Also check out my LS deck which has NEVER lost a podrace.


This is a Closed Environment Decjk so I don’t want any reveiws Like ”WTF no Vader??”


Alright. First Turn Fart on Ani’s PodFlip if you can (most of the time you can). 


Why no Watto’s Box Too Risky in Closed. It’s a game winner but some LS decks jsut pack too many Interrupts. One deck I played had 5 A Step BAckwards. Which was insane.


Drop maul and he’s a god with The phantom MEnace out. 


Nute is a good 4 ability guy 3 destiny.

If I had them I would put a third Phantom menace in and a 4th MAul strikes. Just Cuz I could.


Why 2 Porn Frees Cuz he’s great to drop with maul to add a destiny


Against Hyperdrive, Drop maul into the shop since he’s immune to attrition.


Against Senators Hodl the senate, Adding Battle Destinies when you can. LS Senators is much weaker than DS.


Pretty Simple. REad the cards adn you can paly the deck. This deck can be palyed by a trained Monkey (Why yes my brother HAS played this deck.)  '