---
author: Hayes "Hayes" Hunter
title: Hayes’ WYS SOLID- No R3
side: Light
date: 2001-10-24
description: I am merely posting what I believe to be the most competitive non-R3 deck you can use once Reflections 3 comes out.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (6)
Home One: Docking Bay 
Kessel 
Tatooine (old)
Tatooine: Cantina 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94 
Tatooine: Mos Espa Docking Bay 

Characters (18)
Chewbacca, Protector 
Dash Rendar  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x3
Melas  x2
Mirax Terrik 
Phylo Gandish 
Ralltiir Freighter Captain 
Talon Karrde 
Theron Nett 
Threepio With His Parts Showing 
Wedge Antilles 

Starships (5)
Millennium Falcon 
Outrider 
Pulsar Skate 
Red 10 
Red Squadron 1 

Interrupts (17)
A Jedi’s Resilience 
A Step Backward  x2
Control & Tunnel Vision  x2
Dodge 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere 
Inconsequential Barriers 
Lost In The Wilderness 
On The Edge  x2
Run Luke, Run!  x2
Sorry About The Mess 
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach 
Too Close For Comfort 

Effects (9)
A Tragedy Has Occurred 
Battle Plan And Draw Their Fire 
Don’t Do That Again 
Goo Nee Tay  x2
Insurrection And Aim High 
Menace Fades 
Squadron Assignments 
Your Insight Serves You Well And Staging Areas 

Admiral’s Order (1)
I’ll Take The Leader 

Weapons (2)
Luke’s Lightsaber 
X-wing Laser Cannon 

Podracer (1)
Anakin’s Podracer 

Unknown Type:
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be a Little Rough 

Strategy: 

 Plea to readers: Please ask me questions about this deck!  If you have ANY doubts I urge you to vocalize them so that I may address them!  

Strategy Section Edit! 
#1 I apologize for my mis-information.  I never bothered rereading many parts of the spoiler, and as such I was unaware the Epic Event Deep Hatred doesn’t grant the light side the ability to use combat cards.  Thanks Ken Bradford, for that info- I have changed the appropriate sections accordingly.  I also had a brain fart and said WYS won DragonCon, when it was actually a broken Senate in the hands of Andy McClure.  Lastly, remember this deck is meant to be played in the R3 environment!  If you want to use something similar this weekend or whatever, be sure to account for the fact that there are no R3 cards out there (like you might want to throw back in Beggar, or a counter for the ROC/MAIH combo)!

#2 Apparently Steve Baroni wasn’t satisfied with my explanation as to why A Useless Gesture is a nonfactor.  ”Hayes the new defensive sheild hoses the deck. I dont know what you are talking about this thing just wont be able to win after ref 3. The deck is awesome in the currrent einviorment but the shield absolutely hoses the deck,” says his 3 star review.  Unfortunately, he doesn’t actually explain how