---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "VaderDD" Schele
title: ! "Bring Him Before Me  not him you FOOL"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-19
description: ! "This deck completely and utterly sucks, Give it a 5 star rating beccause of the the useless combos at the bottomm and I cant spel worh crp."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

Bring Him Before Me/ Take Your Father&#8217;s Place

Insignificant Rebellion

Your Destiny

Death Star II Throne Room

Prepared Defenses

Crush The Rebellion

Imperial Arrest Order

Mobilization Points


Characters (19)

Emperor Palpitine (the only good one I own)

The Emperor

Bossk With Mortar Gun

Prince Xizor

Dr. Evzan & Ponda Baba

Sim Aloo

Mara Jade, The Emperor&#8217;s Hand

Snoova

Garindan

Brangus Glee

Commander Igar

Guri

Janus Greejatus

Dengar With Blaster Carbine

Kir Kanos

IG-88 With Riot Gun

4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2


Starships (3)

Executor

Boba Fett in Slave 1

ZiMH


Vehicles (3)

Tempest Scout 6

Tempest 1

Blizzard 2


Weapons (3)

Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber

Vibro-Ax

Force Pike


Effects 

No Escape

Disarmed

I Had No Choice

Something Special Planned For Them

First Strike

Lateral Damage


Interrupts 

You Are Beaten x2

Sniper & Dark Strike

Evader & Monnok

Force Lightning

Weapon Levitation

Any Methods Necessary

Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won&#8217;t Escape Us

Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son

Point Man

Nevar Yalnal

Human Sheild x2

Sense & Uncertain Is The Future

Alter & Collateral Damage


Locations (3)

Death Star II Docking Bay

Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)

Tatooine Docking Bay 94 '

Strategy: '

Strategy

First Turn;   Before you activate pull the Executor and Evader & Monnok. After you activate deploy Death Star II Docking Bay and Emperor Palpitine there and then pull Force Lighning. Draw up what you have left. Next Turn, Deploy the CC DB with someone there that can defend themselves or 2 people that can draw destiny.


Against Super Falcon

I Had No Choice on Han and Lateral Dammage the falcon and put it against the executor with a Pilot. Easy Win.


Against TIGIH 

Pray you get all aliens and droids or Vader First Turn.


Against WYS

Deploy Emperor to Cantina and pull force lightning. Deploy other guys next turn


Basic scrub deck

Enjoy yourself while you beat the crap out of them.


EBO

Deploy Palpy to the North Ridge and pull force lightning. Move him in and pray they didn&#8217;t get Jedi Luke first turn with his saber. Otherwise palpy DIES


Combos

Sense Cancels Interrupts

Alter Alters the present Time so you can win ( I wish) Cancels Effects

Mara and her stick Slice People and then play sniper and dark strike and get rid of them or just put DR.E & Ponda Baba and get rid of them.

Disarm Disarm any good EPP, ECC, Or EJP that has a weapon or Disarm a good main with a weapon.

IAO Pulls Docking Bays

4-LOM w/ Gun on ZiMH Draws 2 destiny and opponent cant get a destiny higher than 0 without ability >6

Snoova and Vibro AX Captures People

Human Sheild Gets Rid of a Captive instead of one of your guys


I ONLY HAVE 2 Vaders. 


Thank you for reviewing my deck,

Ryan

'