---
author: Erich "The E-man" Hawbaker
title: Hidden Base, v. 2.0
side: Light
date: 2001-11-01
description: I’m getting ready for FreedomCon, so I sat down and changed a few things in the HB I posted last week. I hope it’s better.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (7)
Hidden Base...
Rendevous Point
Sullust (indicator)
HFTMF
Squadron Assignments
Superficial Damage
Strike Planning

LOCATIONS (7)
Aquaris
Sullust
Ord Mandell
Endor 
Kessel
2x Forest

CHARACTERS (17)
Capt Han Solo
General Calrissian
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian
Keir Santage
Jek Porkins
Theron Nett
Kin Kian
Tycho Clechu
Biggs Darklighter
Luke with Lightsabre
Obi-Wan with Lightsabre
Leia with Blaster
Chewie with Blaster

STARSHIPS (10)
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Red Squadron 7
Red 6
Red 10
Gray Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3

WEAPONS (4)
3x X-wing Laser Cannons
Proton Torpedos

ADMIRALS ORDERS (2)
2x I’ll Take The Leader

INTERRUPTS (8)
2x Power Pivot
2x Slight Weapons Malfunction
2x Rebel Barrier
Darklighter Spin
The Signal

EFFECTS (5)
S-Foils
Haven
Traffic Control
Menace Fades
Legendary Starfighter





Strategy: 

Like I said, this is a revised version of the HB I posted not long ago. The general idea is the same, but I added some new elements to it. 
First, I know that Kiffex is not in here. My logic there is that with only ten starfighters, I won’t be able to hold both Kiffex and Kessel, and Kessel is a better deal for me. I am trying to keep the generation the enemy gets from me to a minimum. If I get a big fight in space, I’m going to concentrate on holding Sullust and Kessel and not worry about the others. 
Sullust is the Hidden Base because I can play Haven there, and because of the depoly +1 for the enemy. With the errata, I’m excpecting them to deploy at a system (even if I occupy it), probe, and move away all in the same turn. I can stop that with Rebel Barrier and smash them good when my turn comes.   
I got the idea to add Menace Fades from the HB in the expert section. It’s actually a very good idea, since the forests almost garuntee that I’ll always have presence there. Incidentally, that’s also why I use matching pilots, so I can send some down if necessary. 
I dropped the Organized Attacks because I realized that I don’t really need them. Everybody is immune to <4 with I’ll Take the Leader, and just about everyone had some immunity anyway so attrition is not a serious threat. 
Slight Weapons Malfunction is great because I can use it in the air or on the ground if the enemy tries to oust me from the forset. Three of my beatdown mains get a battle destiny anyway, and two can be targetted by SWM (Leia is both).   
Ok, I think the rest is pretty self-explainitory. Thank you for your time.       