---
author: Kelly "Gyrotech" Brown
title: I’m A Chadra-Fan Fan v1.1
side: Light
date: 2001-05-28
description: This deck here was mocked for being so silly...until I started winning at tournament.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (6)
Agents Of The Court (Kabe is Rep)
Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Yarna d’al’ Gargan
The Signal
Seeking An Audience

Locations (3)
Jabba’s Palace: Entrance Cavern
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace

Characters (32)
Artoo
Chadra-Fan (x21)
Kabe (x4)
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Rennek
Sic-Six
Tessek (x2)

Effects (9)
A Gift
Bargaining Table (x2)
Bo Shuda
Ounee Ta
Sandwhirl (x2)
Uh-Oh
Underworld Contacts

Interrupts (10)
Control (x2)
Fallen Portal (x2)
Nabrun Leids
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now (x2) 

Strategy: 

As usual, it is crucial to retain control of the Audience Chamber. By either drawing or using You Will Take Me To Jabba Now, it is important to focus on getting Kabe and Tessek to the Audience Chamber. Underworld Contacts, which can be pulled using Seeking An Audience, can help keep your site on top if the opponent decides to cover yours up. This allows you to deploy Bo Shuda from the deck.

However, if prior to the game, the opponent uses a rather Imperial-looking setup, it may be smart to switch Uh-Oh with Seeking An Audience as your starting effect so that the opponent doesn’t walk in and cancel Bo Shuda.

Once the Audience Chamber has been protected, it is pure brute force from here on out. It should not be hard to flip the objective, and with Tessek’s aid, the Chadra-Fans only deploy for 1 and add 1 to the force drains at their locations!

If the opponent looks like he is about to start an alien rampage, this is the time to pull out Artoo and A Gift (using Artoo’s text) to severely hinder the opponent’s progress (their battle destinies are -2 and their force drains are -1). With the aid of the objective, your extra Kabes can cancel opponent’s battle destinies or in drain races, can cancel force drains. And it is no big loss to forfeit a Chadra-Fan because you can get them back really quickly. Use Nar Shadaa to retrieve up to 21 force.

Don’t be deceived by the look of this deck. I went to a tournament just recently and dominated against a Ralltir Ops deck, a Force Drain Race, and the Tournament Director’s Hunt Down deck. There are so many twists an turns that the opponent is fooled into provoking these little guys. BEWARE THE CHADRA-FAN!!! 