---
layout: archive
author: ! Andrew "loser#5" Hill
title: ! "Because it’s just too much fun to be this much of a scum"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-26
description: ! "how much force did you just retrieve?"
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

Court of the vile gangster

Audience chamber

Pit of carkoon

Dungeon

Prepared Defences

Power of the hutt

All Wrapped up

There is no try and oppressive enfrcement


Characters (17)

Might Jabba

Boelo

Bib

Ephant Mon

Boba Fett CC x2

Jodo Cast

Bossk with mortar

IG-88 with riot

Aurra Sing

Snoova

Dengar With blaster carbine

Bane Malar

Chall Bekan

Gailid

Mercenary Pilot

U-3po


Creatures (2)

Sarlacc

Rancor


Blueness (4)

Bossk in

Dengar in

Racing Skiff

Jabba’s Sail Barge


Greenness (2)

Vibro-Ax

Thermol Detonator


Interrupts (12)

None Shall Pass x2

Trap Door x2

Imperial Barrier x2

Twi’lek Advisor x2

Hidden Weapons x2

Jabba’s Twerps 


Effects (9)

bounty x2

hutt bounty

Hutt influence

First Strike

We’re the bait

reactor terminal

Scum and villainy

Search and destroy


Locations (6)

Jabba’s Palace

Lower Pasasages

Rancor pit

Entrance Cavern

Cloud city docking bay

Endor docking bay

Spaceport docking bay  '

Strategy: '

General Strategy

First turn use Audience chamber’s text to get out mighty Jabba, and power of the hutt to get boelo. Wait for them to come to Tatooine. If they don’t drain them with gailid and go get them where ever they are with your docking bays. IOf they come to tatooine use all your weapons to to capture and feed. bounty all you can. Hutt bounty han then use boba fett to take him to the dungeon and retrieve 18 force oh yeah that’s what daddy likes. If the person you have captured has a saber take him to the sarlac whos has a defence value of 12 istead of 5. use hidden weopons and capturing guns to get battle a lesser amount of people and capture the rest with all wrapped up.


Matchups

WYS Make them go on tatooine capture ect. Hutt bounty is especially efective against this deck because they will have alot of smugglers.


Prifit Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha your card is flipped right off the bad pull your rancor and his den trap door han is placed out of play and you win


Hidden mains Space drain could hurt in this one, if space is popular in our area put in more space. 


QMC Pull cloud city docking bay and make the colony not so quiet.


RST Pull endor docking bay and make sure the garrison will never be destroyed.


MWYHL let them train let them attack, let yourself capture everyone.


well thats it hope you like the deck


'