---
author: Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: WYS:  Podracing Cali Style
side: Light
date: 2001-08-28
description: This WYS decks has done well through Coursant...
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(9)
WYS/This place Sucks
Tatooine(new)
Cantina
Tat Dbay
Pod Prep
Arena
Boonta Eve
Anakins 
Insights/Staging

Locations(1)
Kessel

Characters(15)
Luke with Saber x2
Han with Gun x2
Phylo "Dbay" Gandish
Chewie with Gun
Mirax
Dash
R2-Threepio
Lando with Gun
Wedge
Theron
Talon
Raltiir Cptn
Melas

Ships(4)
Pulsar
Outrider
Red 10
Red Squad 1

Weapons(1)
x-wing cannon

Effects(5)
New Grabber
Squadron Assigb
Meanace Fades
Insurrection/Aim High
Battle Plan/Draw Fire

Interrupts(24)
Step Backwards x2
Too Close For Comfort x3
Out of Com/Tras Ter x2
Control/Tunnel x2
Signal x2 (should be new)
Sorry Bout Mess/Blaster Pro x2
It can Wait
Run Luke Run
R2-0 Destiny Card
Were You Looking For me
Maneuvers
Bith/Des Reach
Alternatives To Fightning
Houjix/Nowhere
Its a Hit
3x Damager
All Wings Combo

Epic/Admiral Order
I Did IT!
Ill Take the Leader 

Strategy: 

******EDIT*******
Props on this deck Go to Paul McKelvy who gave me idea but he sucks when he plays it and loses to scrubs and chokes under pressue
******END UPDATE******


Well heres the WYS Ive been playing before Coursant and has done great.  Cept for that 1 time against Matt Berta when it decided to crap out against me.  When Coursant came out I added Phylo Gandish cause shes the pimp and hopefully add in We Wish to Board at Once.  

When you start out you should pull Kessel and I did it to get the 0z outa your deck.  I dont play Kessel Normally cause i dont want them to have a activation jump on me early game.  IF they play lots of twix or Death Star I try to flip fast and early.  

The race should normally be no problem with all the 5s in it.  Also with Step Backwards you should never lose.  

Most of the Cards in here look preety standard with Phylo going free to the Dbay can help backup your smugglers.  Also I added a RFC for another smuggler and he helps out with the 3x Damager.  

Try and Signal for Squadron Assign if you have to otherwise sac Insights.  

Vs.

Hunt Down:
Flipping in Space can hurt alot because most Hunt Downs play 3 ships so you should be able to keep control.  Use your OOC/TT to kill their visages to keep the damage low.  Hopefully the podracing and I did it will set up a beatdown against them.
Should be Easy matchup.

Hunt Down Racing:  
Make Sure you win the Race and save force if they play serect plans.  Preety much same as above cept for concentrate alot on winning the race.  Should be easy if you draw Too Close for Comfort.

Senators:  
This isnt very popular in my area but it can be a problem.  Use some smugglers to clear out the senate chamber unless theres a Coursant Guard in there.  Drain in space and react to what they do.  Normally they have some kinda drain site or something.  Kill the drain site and set up I Did it.  You should be able to win this one unless you leave yourself open. 

Mkos:
Win the Race and get kessel out fast with them having only a few ships you should be ok.  Set up the 3x damage with Luke, Han Artoo Threepio and someone else.  That should hopefully be it.  If not Set up Meanace fades to stop their Galid Drains. 

SYCFA Flipping:
Flip Eary to stop the generation at Death Star.  Be heavy in space at 1 system to prevent beatdown from their Star Destroyers.  Use Control Tunnel to Cancel their drains of 5 or more or when you think you need to use it.  Get Meanace fades going if they Control fails.  Drain on the ground in the Cantina and the 2 other sites.  He normally shouldnt be able to do anything against this.  

SYCFA Pornstar:
This is kinda hard to explain.  Comit alot to winning the race and flip so you can play your interrupts again.  Use OOC when they use certian cards that can hurt you so they dont get them back.  Trick!! alot of people put the card they want on the top so they can get it back anyway so choose the card on the left.  

Watto:
Not to many people play this.  Put the Arena between theyre 2 sites so they cant flip and hit you for 2 force.  Keep 2 force around so you dont lose 2 force.  Otherwise just play your game.

thanks for reading and look around for my TRs.  d-mail if you have any questions..  