---
layout: archive
author: ! Michael "Rieekan" Sanders
title: ! "Your Destiny lies with me Vader  the Emperor knew this 2 b true"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-28
description: ! "A TIGIH deck with huge power, drains, and several ways 2 eliminate the opponent."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)

There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him

Endor Landing Platform

Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut

Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout

Luke’s Lightsaber

I Feel The Conflict

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Staging Areas

Strike Planning

Your Insight


Locations(5)

Endor Rebel Landing Site

Endor Hidden Forest Trail

Endor Dense Forest

Endor Ewok Village

Endor Back Door


Characters(23)

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

General Solo

Chewbacca, of Kashyyyk

Daughter of Skywalker x2

General Crix Madine

Corran Horn

Corporal Beezer

Corporal Kensaric

Corporal Midge

Colonel Cracken

Lieutenant Blount

Sergeant Junkin

Sergeant Brooks Carlson

Dash Rendar

Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian

Wedge Antilles, RSL

Green Leader

Admiral Ackbar

General Calrissian

Nien Numb

ASP-707 

Geezum


Weapons/Devices(5)

Anakin’s Lightsaber

X-wing Laser Cannons 

A-wing Cannon

Chewbacca’s Bowcaster

Portable Scanner 


Starships(7)

Outrider

Red Squadron 1

Red Squadron 4

Green Squadron 1

Gold Squaron 1

Gold Leader in Gold 1

Home One


Interrupts(5)

Take The Initiative x2

Insertion Planning x2

The Signal


Effects(4)

Bacta Tank

Squadron Assignments

Honor Of The Jedi

Order To Engage


Admiral’s Orders(2)

I’ll Take The Leader x2

'

Strategy: '

To start your game, use HFTMF to pull Staging Areas, Strike Planning, and Your Insight. On your first turn, drain for 1 at Chirpa’s Hut, pull your Generals, and send Your Insight to Lost Pile to take out HOTJ. Move Luke over to the landing platform and wait for your second turn. When that comes around, deploy Madine, Solo, and Chewie to the landing platform. As the game progresses, use Madine to pull all of your scouts and Geezum to pull all of your sites (he can be pulled with Madine too). Once your scouts are all set to battle, move in and finish the opponent.


There are alot of cards to help you out here. Use Beezer to pull Portable Scanner, and then use that to pull out all of your weapons. Take The Initiative is a great card to use in here adding 6 to your battle destiny. Insertion will cut the opponent’s battle destiny by 3 and recycle a nice destiny 6. The scouts all have their special abilities. Beezer kills reacts getting rid of AT-STs, Kensaric slows Imp deployment, Midge adds to drains on Endor, Cracken makes it tough for opponent’s spies to deploy, Blount screws up ISB, Brooks lets your guys move for free with a landspeed of 2 and Junkin has generally good power. Bacta Tank keeps your men alive, SA gets your ships out easier, OTE hurts in a deck like this, and HOTJ takes care of anything annoying like Visage, BHBM dueling, and S & D. If you’ve got the ASP droid down, use Beezer to pull the Portable Scanner and then stack it on top of your deck and draw it for a nasty 6 destiny.


Your air pretty much speaks for itself. Use the Portable Scanner to pull the X-wing and A-wing cannons. RS4 lets you add 3 using only 2 Force, and Green Leader in GreenS1 adds 8 to the total weapon destiny. Despite the fact that you have to hit twice the target’s defense value, this is still pretty good, you can hit any Saber (cept for S1) by drawing only a 1 for weapon destiny. Your X-wing cannons can do some serious damage too. Use the Hobbie/Wedge combo to cancel the opponent’s battle destiny and the Outrider to screw up his overall power. Nien with Cal in GS1 also give you a nice edge in battles at space and I’ll Take The Leader will make all your ships immune to attrition atleast under 6, making it hard for the opponent to finish you. 


Onto the matchups

Vs. BHBM Keep Vader at the Throne Room with RS and start moving there. I know it sounds crazy, but believe me this strategy works. Invade the DSII and start battling him whenever you can. If he tries to deploy, Kensaric will slow down their deployment (I know in his game text that he says only battlegrounds, but DoS adds an LS force icon). Once you get to the Throne Room, play OTE. Now he’s either going to battle you with his lone Vader or lose 3 Force. Either way, you win. Once you’ve stacked up enough on I Feel, cross Vader over to the light side right infront of Empy’s eyes.


Vs. MKOS Build up your ground at Endor and transit over to Tat. Use your outrageous battle destinies to kill off his aliens. They have low pathetic forfeits so you should be wiping out alot of them at a time. Once you run out of Initiatives, deploy Corran Horn to give you a stronger edge in the fight. Once you take over the AC, cancel Scum and just start draining him there. If he tries a second offensive, you should be able to take him out.


Vs. ISB Ops After you build your ground on Endor, transit to Coruscant and use Blount to keep the objective flipped on the 0 side. Most likely his site will be the Imperial City so go over there and start draining him. With Ani’s glowstick you’ll be keeping up a good drain of 4 there. When he decides to come to you, kill off his ISB agents and stack on I Feel. If he deploys a Vader, it’s a blessing. Give him Luke and cross Vader over to make a long game short.


Vs. Hunt Down This deck is totally anti-duel. You can’t duel captives and there’s no Obi in here so there’s just no go for the opponent. Use Blount or HOTJ to make their Visage useless. You can move Luke over to the landing platform on your turn and flip his obj back to the 0 side. You won’t be taking any damage from Visage, but he will which will make this game alot easier. Once you’ve stacked up enough on I Feel, cross Vader over and that’ll be game.


TIEs Use your ships and start battling away at the opponent. Shoot his TIEs out of the sky and spread out and start draining on Endor. If he uses any Undercover spies to cancel your drains use Corran Horn to screw him up bad. With Midge, Ani’s saber and Luke’s saber, you’ll be draining for quite a bit at each of his locations. Use I’ll Take The Leader to reduce the power of his TIEs and give yours some versatility. 


Well, that’s it for the strategy. Thanks for all the reviews.  '