---
layout: archive
author: ! Dan "Mystikal" Christy
title: ! "Mystikal WYS (NV Runner-Up)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-19
description: ! "This is what I used at NV states. 10-2 record overall. I only lost coz I got careless and coz Tim Guzman cheats... tee-hee ;)"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Watch Your Step

Tatooine

Cantina

Tat DB

HFTMF

Battle Plan

Squadron Assignments

YISYW


Location

Mos Eisley


Characters

Wedge Antilles

Theron Nett

Lando w/Blaster

Bantha Droid

2x Mirax

2x JK Luke

2x Talon Karrde

2x EPP Han

2x Melas

2x Palace Raider

2x ECC Chewie

2x Dash Rendar


Starfighters

2x Outrider

Pulsar Skate

Red Squadron 1

Red 10


Admiral’s Orders

No Questions Asked

I’ll Take The Leader


Effects

Staging Areas

Menace Fades

Draw Their Fire

Order To Engage

Honor Of The Jedi

Ounee Ta

Frozen Assets

2x Projection Of A Skywalker


Interrupts

3x Control & Tunnel Vision

Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency

Houjix & Out Of Nowhere

Through The Force Things You Will See

It’s A Trap

2x Fallen Portal

Rebel Barrier

Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach

2x TT & OOC

A Few Maneuvers

Run Luke, Run '

Strategy: '

Through The Force is in there just for fun really. If I had to switch it for anything it would be Aim High. 


Your starting effect instead of YISYW can vary depending on what you are up against. If you know someone is using BG Docking Bays, then start Staging Areas. If you know they have massive drain additions, then use Menace Fades. Projection Of A Skywalker is in here because I get tired of the docking bay drains. And with Menace, I can reduce many drains down to 0. No Questions Asked should be your main AO if you are fighting on the ground at Tatooine alot. If you find you are fighting in space more, then Take The Leader. The raiders are in here for cheap backup. I used to have the patrol crafts, but High Speed Tactics made a showing so I took those out and most of the raiders. Bantha Droid protects from Lateral Damage (which I’m sure you knew), so my fleet  won’t get hammered too hard. My activation is a little low, but I find that most dark decks give me docking bays to take over and generate on. Matchups


BHBM Kill Vader when he comes down. Then use those OOC’s like there is no tomorrow. Just battle it out and with the added destiny you should be able to win.


Hunt Down Don’t deploy Luke. TT the Visages away and battle it out. YISYW helps Han and Lando to shoot vader down, cosidering there are quite a few 5’s and 6’s for that matter. Karrde is your best chance against the sabers that will be swinging. Save Luke to fight when Jade or Vader is gane and forfeit him to keep the smugglers around. Tough @#$% game, but you should win.


MKOS My favorite dark deck. This is a long game. Battle Plan is the best thing you have going for you. Most MKOS fleets are minimal so you should be able to control Tatooine easily. Get into the AC and kill off everyone as fast as you can to finish off SAV. Keep your forces strong on the ground to avoid a jump. Swarms of Non-U’s will be more difficult than mains. A long drawn out game, but not paying for drains can eventually win it for you.


Endor Ops Imperial Command is a @#$%. I should probably add a grabber, so think of something I should take out for it. Get the droid out ASAP. Lateral beatdowns suck. Get Chewie with Dash on the Outrider, and Han with Mirax on the Skate. Setup I’ll Take The Leader and have these 2 ship stay together. you’ll drop 1 unlucky ship’s power by 9 and draw 3 destiny. Theron Nett also helps with his little power draw. As for the ground, Let Luke and Lando team up with some dudes. Jusst keep running to an unoccupied system, and Menace Fades will keep everything cool.


Court Tricky to deal with. I haven’t played against this too much lately. This is 1 deck I have lost to though. Setup Dash, but beware of Mist Hunter in the early game. If they play aliens this will be drawn out like against MKOS. If they use it for a mains beatdown platform, then it get a little trickier. You would have to play it like you would BHBM. Use your defensive cards to cover you, then counter attack. High destinies should give you the edge.


That’s all for now. more to come...


Dan ~Mystikal~ Christy '