---
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: there is stew in him
side: Light
date: 2001-04-13
description: this deck uses beru and yoda stew to activate force early to smack early so u win early. also u can use it can wait to stop vader and other scubs to activate with luke!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

 
Unknown Type:
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
Home One: Docking Bay 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94 
Tatooine: Lars’ Moisture Farm  x2

Characters (18)
Colonel Cracken 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb 
Lando With Vibro-Ax  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Lieutenant Blount 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko 
Owen Lars & Beru Lars  x3

Interrupts (27)
Beru Stew  x4
Control & Tunnel Vision  x3
Double Agent  x2
Fallen Portal  x2
Harvest  x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Insertion Planning  x2
It Can Wait  x3
Lost In The Wilderness  x2
The Signal  x2
Yoda Stew  x4

Effects (7)
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Goo Nee Tay 
I Feel The Conflict 
Insurrection 
Staging Areas 
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?  x2

Weapons (1)
Luke’s Lightsaber 

Unknown Type:
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him 


Strategy: 

ok u start go against bhbm. u start the other ones agasint other decks.... use the stew to get force to smack scrubs when they deploy to endor db. or u cna it can wait first turn so u can activat/drain with luke. so u do all this crazy stuff early and stuff. plop beru and lars to their farm and play beru stew to activate 4 force. lost in wilderness to screw them when they come after u. 

match ups.

against huntdown. u grab anything they play. then put down beru and lars activate and use stew on there turn. then beat them down early. then take time and make sure vader comes down for a little with it can wait..meen while eat that stew.

against bhbm. same thing really kicks them since u start goo so emp can’t come down.same as huntdown.

agaisnt scum..easy. smack em early. move luke over and invade the chambe.. u may want to it can wait scum a few times.

ties.. ouch. try to drain them... retrive...it can wait on sfs.

all do more later 