---
layout: archive
author: ! Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs
title: ! "Vader and His Clique"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-07
description: ! "This is a HD dueling deck using just a few characters and a lot of high destinies."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
HDADTJ
Epic Duel
Holotheatre
Med Chamber
Visage
Prepared Defenses
Crush the Rebellion
Mob Points
IAO

Locations
Rendili
CC DB
D DB

Characters
Vader w/stick
DLOTS x2
Lord Vader
Darth Vader
Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Palpy
Janus
Sim
U-3PO

Starships
ZiMH
BFiS1
BiHT

Weapons
Vader’s stick x2
Mara’s stick x2

Interrupts
Circle x3
Vader’s Ob x3
Focused Attack x2
YAB x2
Alter x3
Masterful Move x2
Ghhhk x2
I Have You Now
Evader x2
Weapon Lev
Force Lightning
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
PASOA
Sniper

Effects
Visage (spare)
No Escape
Search & Destroy
CHYBC


'

Strategy: '

I played against Josh Grace’s ”Vader vs. the World” deck, and was quite amused.  Having very few characters frees up a lot of space.  I am not suicidal like him, so I threw in a few more characters besides Vader.

Why so few locations?  Cause that’s all I really need.  I can satisfy HotJedi if I don’t get No Escape.  Plus I can guarantee there won’t be any zeros floating around.  Both my docking bays are mobile sites, so there’ll be no PoaS or Lost in the Wilderness crap.	This deck won’t win too many draining contests; it’s built for dueling and battling.

How to Play
Put Vader down at a docking bay or a crucial site.  Duel whenever possible.  Send U-3PO to the site you’re scared of.  Set up Palpy & his little buddies at the other docking bay.  Whittle away with Visage and S&D.  Don’t deploy the ships unless you absolutely must, and if you do, make sure you have at least two of them together.

This deck will beat most Mains & Toys decks as well as most space-only decks.  Anyone foolish enough to deploy Luke or Ben on the ground will die.  Jedi Luke has yet to win a duel against this deck.	Beating him is easy.  Any combination of Weapon Lev, PASOA, Tarkin, and Sim will do.  Tracking 6’s isn’t too hard since there’s 10 of them and you’ve got Janus at your disposal.  As for space decks, S&D + Visage will chew them up and spit them out.  The three hunter ships are enough to probe a hidden base.  If it’s a non-flipping HB or non-HB deck, the hunters will pounce when LS spreads thin late game.

Two MM and two ghhhks allow you to leave just a guy or two at a site and not worry.

I don’t use Reactor Terminal because its a worthless card.  If you know Ben and Luke won’t be coming down, lose the dueling cards to force drains or Janus them back into the deck.  Every other card is usable 95% of the time.

Update
------
Tarkinsaide I’ve beaten EBO, HB, and MWYHL with this deck.  A turtle MWHYL will get hacked up by S&D, and those that use Luke as a ground pounder will get dueled.  There aren’t too many decks that have ground power when you subtract Obi, Luke, & Leia from the equation.  Ok, speeders will hurt me.  And a very quick EBO might, but that’s about it. '