---
author: Clint "GameMaster" Hays
title: @#$% Down
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-07
description: This is the deck Steven Lewis and I used to get 2nd and 5th place, respectively, at worlds 99.  It once won the deckbuilder award but was purged thanks to people giving me .5 star reviews.  I am reposting it at Neal’s request. 


rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

 


Unknown Type:
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza 
Coruscant 
Dagobah: Cave 
Death Star 
Endor 
Endor: Back Door 
Endor: Dark Forest 
Endor: Forest Clearing 
Executor: Holotheatre 
Executor: Meditation Chamber 
Hoth: Ice Plains 
Kashyyyk 

Characters (16)
Admiral Ozzel 
Captain Needa 
Commander Igar 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
Darth Vader  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
DS-61-2 
DS-61-3 
DS-61-4 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Lieutenant Arnet 
Lieutenant Cabbel 
Officer Evax 

Creatures (1)
Bubo 

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2 
Dune Walker 
Tempest 1 

Starships (6)
Avenger 
Boba Fett in Slave I 
Bossk In Hounds Tooth 
Devastator 
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser 
Executor 

Interrupts (6)
Evader 
Torture  x2
Twi’lek Advisor  x2
You Are Beaten 

Effects (12)
A Bright Center To The Universe 
Battle Order 
Come Here You Big Coward! 
Empire’s New Order 
First Strike 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Lateral Damage 
Presence Of The Force  x2
Secret Plans 
Security Precautions 
Visage Of The Emperor 

Weapons (2)
Vader’s Lightsaber  x2

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon 

Unknown Type:
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe 


Strategy: 

wake up and smell the @#$% you @#$%ers.  neal asked me to repost the same version i used to have on this page because of a bunch of dumb@#$%s that gave me .5 stars got the deck purged. 


wake up and smell the @#$% you stupid bastards.  this deck was made before worlds 99.  it has not been updated.  at the time of creation there was no death star 2, no jpsd, no reflections 2, no ecc, and no ejp. 

that’s why none of those cards are in here.

this deck only ever lost one game and that was because me and steve had to play each other.  the deck beats on you.  its not currently a good deck but can be used as a model.  if you dont like the lack of a strategy section you can go f_uck yourself.      