---
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: Crusade of Salvation v3.0
side: Light
date: 2001-07-01
description: TIGIH Mains, utilizing How Did We Get Into This Mess? to go through the deck.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS - 5
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut 
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
Rendezvous Point 
Tatooine: Slave Quarters 

CHARACTERS - 14
Captain Han Solo 
Corran Horn 
Dash Rendar 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Lando With Vibro-Ax 
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Qui-Gon Jinn 
Threepio With His Parts Showing  x2
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 

STARSHIPS - 3
Millennium Falcon 
Outrider 
Red Squadron 1 

WEAPONS - 2
Luke’s Lightsaber 
X-wing Laser Cannon 

ADMIRAL’S ORDER - 1
I’ll Take The Leader 

PODRACER - 1
Anakin’s Podracer 

EFFECTS - 11
Battle Plan 
Beggar 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Draw Their Fire 
Frozen Assets  x2
I Feel The Conflict 
Scrambled Transmission 
Squadron Assignments 
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?  x2

INTERRUPTS - 22
A Few Maneuvers 
A Jedi’s Resilience 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
How Did We Get Into This Mess?  x4
I Know 
Nabrun Leids  x2
On The Edge  x3
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated  x3
Shocking Information & Grimtaash 
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach 
Too Close For Comfort  x2
Were You Looking For Me?  x2

OBJECTIVE - 1
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him  

Strategy: 

Starting stuff:
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him, Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut, Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight, Luke’s Lightsaber, Endor: Landing Platform, I Feel The Conflict, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice, Scrambled Transmission, and either Battle Plan, Squadron Assignments, or Draw Their Fire

Object of deck: 
This is a straight-on mains deck.  Draw Their Fire combined with either Beggar or Frozen Assets can lock a battle down, ensuring a victory.  The mains can be Nabrun-ed around (unless IAO is out), winning battles across the table, making your opponent stack on I Feel The Conflict.  This allows for two avenues for victory: battle damage or You Can Save Him.
Get Threepio WHPS out first, then Mess for a hand containing what you’ll need.  Don’t move Luke out of the Hut.  Let your opponent make the first move.  Do not overcommit to battles, as DTF is your primary advantage, and the key to Dark battling is interrupt-driven.  Using Scrambled Transmission to pull Shocking Information & Grimtaash every time you can (check your deck to see what you’ve activated and survey your average destinies), and use it to control your opponent’s hand, lock down Merrejk, and/or for Threepio’s gametext at the end of your opponent’s turn.
Against most decks, you’ll want to start Battle Plan to slow their drains down.  If you anticipate early battling, and your opponent is giving you a lot of Force, start Draw Their Fire.
Against space decks, start Squadron Assignments, and wait until you have the elements of at least two ships before you go after your opponent’s ships.
Track your high destinies for use with On The Edge when need be.
