---
layout: archive
author: ! Stu "Stu™" McCurdy
title: ! "Destroying the Jedi v2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-08
description: ! "a little update, 60 cards now :)"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Stuff i have to start with

Hunt Down/Fire Out (5)
Epic Duel
Executer  Meditation Chamber
Executer  Holotheater
Visage

Stuff i almost always with (4)

Prepared Defences
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Crush the Rebellion (this one can be varied)

Locations (4)

Rendili
Executor  Docking Bay
DS  Docking Bay
CC  Docking Bay

Ships (3)

Zuckuss in Mist
Bossk in Boat
Fett in Slave

Weapons (3)

Vader&#8217;s Stick 2
Mara&#8217;s Stick

Characters (15)

Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith
Lord Vader 2
Vader w/Stick 2
Grand Moff T. 2
Mara Jade 2
Dr. E 2
Boba Fett
IG-88 with riot gun
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus

Effects (7)

No Escape
Secret Plans
Visage (so that makes 2 total)
Reactor Terminal
Disarmed
Search and Destroy
Resistance

Interrupts (19)

Circle now Complete 2
Vader&#8217;s Obsession 2
Twi&#8217;lek 2
Alter 2
You are beaten 2
Monnok
Ghhk
Focused Attack 2
Dark Strike
I have you now
Weapon Levitation
Masterful Move 2

'

Strategy: '

UPDATE

1) there are 60 cards now
2) dark strike is sweet, it wins games, for example, luke and han are defending a battle, chop luke with lord vader, play dark strike, han is just sitting there waiting for beats
3) the air seems to be sufficient, i have played many hidden base decks, visage and search and destroy get them too early, however a good EBO deck might give it problems
4) 2 visages has never failed for me, if you think they are going to cancel one with TT, hold onto no escape and immediately retrieve it next turn into your hand.  if they come down with spies, beat them up with jade or vader (use you are beaten, dr. E, or dark strike to do some real damage and then move over to the executor docking bay to get your characters back into the game)
5) if you are worried about fallen portal, draw until you can put lord vader and a stick at the docking bay, a little harder to get a vader with 8 defense )

END UPDATE

well, your standard Hunt down Deck ) very solid, barely loses and can beat a wide variety of decks

reason for some cards

visage - well, my objective makes me start with it, i guess that&#8217;s a good reason, i play two so i can replace it and have a 7 destiny in the deck. Visage is of course why hunt down wins games, best not to get it cancelled

Epic Duel - i think dueling helps this deck out alot, the destinies from the dueling cards alone makes the deck better. there are many cards in this deck designed to win duels, best to wait for later in the game to duel i find, so destinies are better set up

only 3 ships - with visage and search and destroy around , a hidden base deck will be losing two force a turn, if they do deploy luke or other mains, just battle them, that&#8217;s what the deck does. the three ships are really in there to try and slow down EBO

IG-88 - clears out sites really well, if they have leia and han or han and chewie, capture one, they lose the other to attrition

Janus- cycles destinies, adds to drain w/emperor

No escape - i don&#8217;t like to start with it, i prefer to play it after i lose a key card to the lose pile so i can retrieve it into my hand, especially after they cancel visage

secret plan - too much retrieval out there

Search and destroy - kills hidden base and EBO

Resistance - key against ebo and insert decks

alter - needed to cancel key effects

ghhk monnok and masterful move *2 - these win games, cycle the 6&#8217;s, make sure you don&#8217;t get beater baddly in a battle and monnok can be deadly

Strategy

get vader first turn ), if you don&#8217;t have him in startng hand, go through your deck for a docking bay and hope he is in the force you activated first turn and then pick up

first turn - deploy rendili, and usually executor docking bay (unless you can get a vader to a battleground site), find a vader and nail him with visage oh yeah, don&#8217;t forget to get i have you now

vs. profit - deploy fett and jade as your aliens, deploy vader as well, then he shouldn&#8217;t be able to budge you, just keep han captive, he will lose force from visage. you can out battle him with this deck, you are beaten , dark strike, dr. e, and dueling if needed

vs. training - take over your two docking bays, try and get search and destroy early. make him lose from visage and try to get him with search and destroy so he comes down early. find secret plans and keep control of the board, pick up enough cards so you can kill any characters he deploys. the key against training is to not let him keep his characters on the board and have him lose from visage and search and destroy.

vs. hidden base - this matchup is probably the easiest, just get him with visage and search and destroy

vs. beat down - stick to the mobile sites, he only gets two destinies, concentrate on tracking good destinies for a duel, and battle as usual

vs anything else - just get them with visage and take over the mobile sites, beat them down when you can

well, any suggestions for card changes would be appreciated, thanks for reading  '