---
author: Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: What I would Take To State
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-13
description: If I had the cards
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Okay, so maybe I do have the cards ;)

Objective:This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further

Characters:16
DVDLOTS x2
Lord Vader
EPP Vader
Mara x2
Palpy x2
Prince Xixor x2
Guri x2
EPP Fett
ECC Iggy 
ECC 4-LOM
GMT

Ship:7
D in PO
B in HT
Z in MH
Devastator
Chimeara
Conquest
Executor

Location:7
Bespin
B:CC
CC:DP
CC:DB
CC:Incinerator
CC: Chasm Walkway
CC:Carbonite Chamber (start)

Weapons:2
Mara’s Stick
Vader’s Stick

Effects:13
Secret Plans (start)
No Escape (start)
TINT/OE (o.s.)
YCHF (o.s.)
Battle Order (start)
Resistance (o.s.)
Blast Door Controls
CC Occupation
Dark Deal
All Too Easy x2
Reactor Terminal
S&D

Interrupts:14
Prep. Def. (start)
Twi’lek
TCINC
Vader’s Obsession
Operational as Planned x2
Imp. Barrier x2
Control/SFS x2
Focused
Wep. Lev.
Oh, Switch Off x2
(there are no tatooine cards because they aren’t in circulation yet.) 

Strategy: 

Editor’s Note #1: I only need one Twi’lek because (a) I start four.  (B)I pull Dark Deal and Occupation with the Obj.  (c) YCHF will pull S&D.  (d) I will draw some.  Therefore, you only need the one.

Editor’s Note #2: I would also like to point out that this deck requires experience because your strategy changes depending on what the opponent does. 

Editor’s Note #3: You can easily choke Chewie or Han or or hit a Leia blindly because you have a lot of good destiny mid to late game..  Reactor Terminal makes it so that you can actually track a bunch of Destinies. (pretend your tracking the top one in the stack)

Okay, this deck revolves around the ”Big Four” effects of Dark Deal, CC Occupations,
Search And Destroy, and All Too Easy.  These effects can cause massive force-loss for
the opponent (hence, No Escape).  You have a pretty simple strategy of holding CC on
the ground and in space.  Should they not come to the ground, No Escape will stop
Honor, while S&D wrecks them.   Should they come to space, you have a fairly large
space fleet, say, at least enough to hold 2 systems.  You only need to hold B:CC for one
turn to flip and then sit on Bespin (and Tatooine against WYS) and wreck them.  The
dueling cards are tight because (a) your opponent will never see them coming, and (b)
they are trackable 6s.  As I said, you will play a ”Hold Bespin and CC sites w/variations
against specific decks (as specified in the matchups).”  You can cause awesome force-loss
with +Drains, S&D + CC Occupation, and All Too Easy.   Picture this: DVDLOTS at the
chamber with his stick against EPP Leia, EPP Luke, EPP Obi, EPP Han, and Chewie,
Protector.  You Choke Han, Duel Obi and Luke, hit Leia and then ATE her (love that
acronym for All Too Easy ;)(devastating seeing as there is no way to release that EPP Leia
you just ’Froze’ ), and Chewie goes to attrition. 

 You play several counters or counter strategies so you can battle any deck.  Here are the
matchups:

WYS: Flip and then go to the Tatooine System.  Sit on  the two systems (Executor at
Kessel, if necessary) and let them have their sites.  

Mains: Go to space and Battle Order will stop them from draining.  ATE someone and
Duel.  Out-drain them.  Slow down any OMDH or On The Edge with Secret Plans. 
Guri+Xixor are a wrecking crew.  

HB or EBO X-wings: S&D will kill them over time.  Hold only Bespin and you won’t get
over-powered in space.  Dark Deal+CC Occ.+S&D will murder them.

TIGIH: Try to get rid of Luke with a Guri+Xixor at the DB should he come.  Sit on CC
against speeders.  against the mad flip you’ll have to kill Luke at all costs.

MWYHL: Can you say S&D+Dark Deal ;)

Deadbolt: hold the 4th marker with Vader.  Duel Obi+Luke and the rest should run.

Here are the card reasons:

DVDLOTS: love the Choke.

Lord Vader: against TIGIH should it come to that.

EPP Vader: better for suicide runs.

Mara: tight!

Palpy: leave him alone and he’ll be ’Pulpy’.

GMT: great with Vader.

Fett: good pilot.  has weapon.

Iggy: kewl!

4-LOM: sweet!

Xixor and Guri: Great together!

D in PO: great against swarms.

Zin MH: all around awesome!

B in HT: draws a Destiny by himself.

Devastator and Conquest: 9 power apiece.

Executor and Chimeara: great immunity.

The ’Sticks: necessary.

The various locations: Incinerator retrieves droids, Plaza retrieves sites, Chamber is
started, DB for getting places, and Port Town District is nice for drains.

Secret Plans: anti-retrievel

Battle Order: anti-drains

No Escape: stuffs Honor

TINT/OE: anti-SAC

YCHF: pulls S&D, anti-numbers

Resistance: anti EBO drains and Numbers

BDC: anti-Barrier

Reactor Terminal: ups differential  and great for tracking

 Focused Attack: add that Destiny

Wep Lev.:  Pull a stick or steal a Stick.

Twi’lek: 90% of the time you will use it to pull All Too Easy.

Prep. Def.: start the effects.

Imp. Barrier: stop them from running or beating.

OAP: anti-frozen and Grimtaash

Dueling stuff: unseen menace.

C/SFS: stop drains and Beats.

Oh, Switch Off: Stop them from hitting Guri, Iggy, and 4-Lom, trackable 6.

Thanks for reading and please offer any comments.   