---
author: Brian "ultra_cookie" Hodge
title: Watto’s Wascally Wampage
side: Dark
date: 2001-11-18
description: A Watto deck that focuses on just holding 3 sites, and using the bonuses from them.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Effect (1)
Fear Is My Ally (Starting)

Defensive Shields (10)
Oppresive Enforcement
There Is No Try
Resistence
Leave Them To Me
Wipe Them Out, All Of Them
You Cannot Hide Forever
A Useless Gesture
Do They Have A Code Clearance?
You’ve Never Won A Race?
We’ll Let Fate-a Decide, Huh?

Objective (1)
No Money, No Parts No Deal!/ You’re A Slave? (Starting)

Characters (29)
Lord Vader
Vader with Lightsaber
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Admiral Piett
Kir Kanos
Colonel Davod Jon
Commader Merrejk
Emperor Palpatine
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Watto x4
Gardulla The Hutt
Chall Bekan
Jabba
Televan Koreyy
Sebulba
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Thok & Thug
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Prince Xizor
Snoova
Mosep
Darth Maul
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Guri

Starships (5)
Executor
IG-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth

Vehicles (1)
Blizzard 4

Weapons (4)
Maul’s Double Bladed Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber
Vibro-Ax

Admiral’s Order (1)
Battle Deployment

Effects (7)
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points (Starting)
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans (Starting)
Overseeing It Personally
Hutt Influence
Search And Destroy
Presence Of The Force x2

Interrupts (7)
Prepared Defenses (Starting)
Maul Strikes
Projective Telepathy
You Are Beaten x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2

Locations (4)
Tatooine
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Watto’s Junkyard (Starting)
Tatooine: Mos Espa (Starting) 

Strategy: 

Note#1 The defensive shields you should start with are whatever you feel liek you need to, but try and atleast play Resistance as one of the 3.

Note#2 I also couldn’t think of a 3rd Effect to start with, any ideas? Any would be appreciated. :)

Anyways, this is how the deck flows...

You should start of by using YCHF&MP to pull Executor and trash it to pull Search And Destroy. Use IAO&SP to deploy Docking Bay 94. Then, deploy Watto from reserve deck to the junkyard, and anyone you get in your hand to Mos Espa. Most of the characters in this deck don’t have bad deploy cost, so you should be able to get a good one to Mos Espa. The when you flip, brib the opponent to make them lose 2 force and then they will lose 1 force because of Search And Destroy. Don’t worry about moving your characters to Watto because most of the time, players don’t start offenses until about the 2nd turn. Next turn you should be able to have good back up for your characters, and Watto. To make this as simple to explain as possible, I will post the cards and a description on how they are usedin this deck...

First off, the awesome chain...
Admiral Piett- Use him to take Battle Deployment or Commander Merrejk into hand. (Whichever you don’t have by then.)
Commander Merrejk- Use him to pull out Tatooine.
Battle Deployment- Use this to help against decks that swarm you with starfighters, and no capitals. Power -2 to each of their ships will easily slow them down. And also use it to deploy the Blizzard 4 from Reserve deck, and stop opponent from drawing anymore than 1 battle destiny. (Especially against those spooky WYS decks.)
Blizzard 4- No one should need a description on this bad boy! Just deploy it, and use it to pull out Lord Vader for zip!

Other card descriptions...
You Are Beaten- There are 3 people who have lightsabers in this deck, so if anyone comes to Tatooine, slow them down with this.
Maul Strikes- Use this to count for a lightsaber for whoever needs it at the time. Or use it to ski-daddle a pesty Jedi off of Tatooine by dueling him away.
Sim Aloo- Use his game text to peek at the top card of their deck, and then check to see if it’s a destiny draw of 3 or more... Why? Read down...
Gardulla The Hutt- Use her to retrieve one force each of your turns, easily after you make sure the opponent has a high enough destiny on top of their deck!
Jabba- Why the Special Edition Jabba, you ask? Well, with all the aliens in this deck, he makes them one less to deploy to same site, works great with...
Chall Bekan- Makes all the wonderful aliens in this deck one less to deploy to same or adjacent tatooine site. Put him with Jabba, and you get cheap aliens! Usually no more than 2 force!

How to run anything else...
Just run your 3 sites with the characters that are included. Going to Tatooine with the startships, if needed. Other than that, you should space out the 6 Imperials in this deck to get Overseeing It Personally running, and place the two Presence Of The Force on Mos Espa and Junkyard. Then, have Hutt Influence out. (Shouldn’t be hard to keep it in effect.) Opponent will probably come after Watto in no time. You should have one of each of the Lightsaber wielders at each site, and be ready to play You Are Beaten. Then, play Projective Telepathy if they initiate a battle. (They might no thave any force left to keep the battle going!) Other than certain descriptions, this deck is ran pretty basic. Just hold ground, and force drain. That’s all! If you have any ideas on how ot play this better, than let me know! Thanks! 