---
author: Carl "Rei" Gravel
title: Second Attempt at BHBM: Imperial base!
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-03
description: I decided to remove my biker scouts and etablish myself some great DS mains and use Coruscant / DSII as locations for lot of forces and kill the opponent on his grounds.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (8)
BHBM / TYFP
Your Destiny
Insignifiant rebellion
DSII: Throne Room
Prepared Defense
Mobilisation Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Something Special Planned for Them

CHARACTERS (21)
Sim Aloo
Arica
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Myn Kyneugh
Vigo (2)
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Boba Fett With Blaster Riffle
Prince Xizor
Guri
Janus Greejatus
Kir Kanos
Emperor Palpatine
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Grand Admiral Trawn
Jodo Kast
Lord Vader (2)
Bane Malar
Bossk With Mortar Gun
Snoova

STARSHIPS (7)
IG-88 in IG-2000
Flagship Executor
Dengar In punishing One
Chimaera
Stinger
Virago
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

WEAPONS (5)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Force Pike (2)
Vibro Ax

INTERRUPTS (9)
Alter & Collateral Damage
Projective Telepathy
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch
Sense & Uncertain is the Future
Control & Set for Stun
Force Lightning
Rise, My Friend
Hidden Weapons
Elis Helrot

EFFECTS (4)
Emperor’s Power
Search and Destroy
Presence of the Force
Reactor Terminal

LOCATIONS (6)
Coruscant
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Coruscant: Imperial Square
DSII: Docking Bay
Fondor
Executor: Docking Bay 

Strategy: 

Ok first, I notice lot of cards in this deck can be changed depending on how you play:

You can add a Imperial Decree if EBO is popular (you could remove something special planned for them). No escape should also be added instead of something special planned for them, but I hasn’t decided yet which one... everyone here play retrieval so ...

Projective telepathy isn’t essential but it saved my butt many time, when the LS mass deployed and only kept 1 force to attack ^.^

I know I don’t have any SAC protection, but nowadays almost all light side has protection and don’t use SAC, anyway almost all my effects are immune to alter and the rest are non-vitals. and If the opponent has DoDN/WA you can use the second function of the SAC cards in my deck, UNCERTAIN IS THE FUTURE is a KILLER!!!!!!

Vigos are some kickass characters, they deploy free on Coruscant are pilots and are 3/2. They don’t deploy free on coruscant sites only, so if you need pilots, get them in a ship on coruscant! Free pilots.

Evazan and Ponda Baba: heh Power 6, battle destiny, pilots! (add 3!) no big deploy cost and you have the mostly used Evazan operate on Hit characters function.

I know that instead of putting mostly different characters I should put more copy of the badasses, but I prefer variety... having only the same few characters is realy realy bothersome.

I tried to have a balance to be able to compete against most deck:

Against Space: well you don’t have too many starships but you have enought firepower to kickass, get the executor with MobPoints and show them the meaning of power (deploy at 7 on FONDOR!) and Guri’n’ship, Xizor’n’ship add battle destiny, so does Thrawn.

Against WYS and other retrieval gimmick: stick with Something Special ... and beat their @#$% everywhere.

Well as for the rest it’s rather pretty the same thing, first turn before activating, get your Executor and emperor’s power, dowloads your docking bays and deploy and win battles to stack cards... only capture luke with vader when you are sure to do some serious dueling not to lose one force per turn. 