---
layout: archive
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "My profit deck  v2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-18
description: ! "Better than the first version.  I added some Someone who loves you."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective YCEPBT/OBD 


Charcters21 

Jedi Pack Han (start) 

EPP Han x2 

EPP Leia x3 

Ben Kenobi x2 

EPP Obi 

LS, JK 

Massa Luke 

EPP Luke 

Lando w/Axe x2 

Artoo x2 

WARSL 

Lt. Blount 

Mirax Terrik 

Tycho Celchu 


Creatures2 

Worrt x2 


Starships4 

Roller Skate 

Tala 2 

R. S. 1 

G. S. 3 


Weapons/Devices3 

Obi’s Stick 

Ani’s Stick 

Obi’s Journal 


Admiral&#8217;s Orders1 

I&#8217;ll Take The Leader 


Locations6 

JPAudience Chamber (start) 

TJabba&#8217;s Palace (start) 

TDB 94 

DB 

Tattoine x2 


Effects11 

Insurrection (start) 

Staging Areas (start) 

Squadron Assignments (normally start) 

DODN/WA (start against BHBM/Huntdown) 

A Gift 

Bo Shuda 

Traffic Control 

Tatooine Celebration x2 

Order to Engage x2 


Interrupts11 

HFTMF (start) 

WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW 

Double Agent 

Sorry About The Mess x2 

Fallen Portal x3 

OOC/TT x2 

Someone Who Loves You x2 '

Strategy: '

 
edit Okay, what your trying to do is this get Bo Shuda on the Audience Chamber with Order 

To Engage on table and put a Worrt at the Audience Chamber. The opponent 

can&#8217;t move away and therefore must lose 3 force each turn. Use Someone Who Loves You to flip ASAP or use Sorry About The Mess to kill them off. Here&#8217;s how you play the first few turns First turn Pull 

Bo Shuda and a DB. You should have someone to deploy to the DB. (Lando, Ben, Leia, or 

Luke) Deploy one character to the DB, and Bo Shuda at the Audience Chamber. Try to 

find a Worrt. Draw up the rest. Leave one 

force (if possible) if you have a Portal in hand. (incase of first strike) Second Turn Pull 

the other DB Deploy a main and hopefully Worrt to the AC. You need to find 

your OTE to start the machine. Draw up leaving one force. Third turn you should have a 

Tatooine by now, and hopefully a Celebration. Control Tatooine and only Tatooine. Never 

leave Tatooine in space. You should be able to flip by fourth or fifth turn. Once you flip, 

spread out on Tatooine and start damaging. This deck is VERY fun to play. 


Here are some reasons for various cards 


Artoo x2 A Gift is useful against MKOS and Court. Trackable 6. 


Worrt Prevents them from using personal landspeed A.K.A no reacting away from my mains. 


Tatooine x2 needed for the Celebration 


Tat. Celebration Awesome source of retrievel. 


Double Agent for use with Lando to get rid of Mara. Trackable 6 


WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW I don&#8217;t want the Rancor putting my people out of play in a 

Court deck. 

Trackable 7. 


Sorry About The Mess kill people at the AC. useful card 


OOC/TT I hate the Visage. You can get lucky sometimes and place a Vader or Mara out 

of play. 


Fallen Portal works at all your sites but the AC. (where it isn&#8217;t needed) Can easily get rid 

of a Mara or a Fett or a Jabba) 


Here are the matchups 


Huntdown/BHBM Stay on Tatooine. If they start anyone at the AC it will be Mara and 

Evazan. (easily dealt with) You have good dueling capabilities so don&#8217;t be afraid of Vader. 

Cancel the Visage w/OOC/TT. 


Court/MKOS/CCT/AOBS that uses S&V Play as normal. You can flip them back easily. 

Bo Shuda+Order to Engage will usually clear out the AC. SOTM will take care of 

anything that stays. 


ISB Play as normal. 


ROPs Stay on Tatooine as normal. Let them flip and out-damage them with your flipped 

Obj. Fallen Portal is AWESOME in this matchup. 


Remember, you must never leave Tatooine unless you have a guarenteed victory. Beyond 

that, I can&#8217;t say anything else. You just have to play it. Enjoy, and thanks for reading  '