---
author: Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: Madskills’ MWYHL
side: Light
date: 2001-06-05
description: This deck is just mean, it can win but I will forewarn you, you must know every card on table and remember everything they do, you also need to play fast because of the possibility of a time out.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
Dagobah
Podrace Prep
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
The Way Of Things (Don’t try to be cute and start another effect, it will only end in heartbreak....)

Sites (5)
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Jungle

Characters (9)
Yoda
Daughter Of Skywalker
2x Luke With Lightsaber
2x Ben Kenobi
2x Qui-Gon Jinn
Corran Horn

Weapons and Devices (2)
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Backpack

Interrupts (17)
4x It Could Be Worse
3x Visored Vision
3x On The Edge
2x Yoda Stew
A Step Backward
Neck And Neck
Too Close For Comfort
The Signal
Shocking Information & Grimtaash

Effects (14)
4x Anger, Fear, Aggression
2x Stone Pile
Wars Not Make One Great
Battle Plan
Honor Of The Jedi
Yoda’s Hope
Undercover
Lightsaber Proficiency
Uncontrollable Fury
What’re You Trying To Push On Us

Epic Event (1)
I Did It!

Jedi Tests (5)
Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain Of Evil
Size Matters Not
It Is The Future You See 

Strategy: 

Ok so despite my track record with this, it is a very solid deck that can definately create problems for your opponent.  I will describe the deck like this, you start the podracing and jedi testing asap, get them both rolling.  Once you cut down your opponents drains they will begin expending resources to try to catch up, when they do this they leave themselves succeptable to epp beatdown and also waste precious cards in their decks.  They will deal you damage but with all the retrieval in this deck they need to deal you an awful lot of damage to win.  As soon as the podrace is done you should have 2 or 3 of the jedi’s in your hand, you then drop them at the podrace arena and start draining because by now their power guys should be elsewhere draining and they won’t have the resources to take on 2 or 3 jedi’s.  You drain them, they drain you for a little, you retrieve, your jedi tests save you in battles you basically lock the game down and win it.

Here are some of the card choices:
Podracing: Why not seriously there is not much else you are doing with the high destinies in the deck to complete training, you can do the two things independently of each other and gain a great force swing by the end.

The Way Of Things: You must start this card, having Daughter get Set for Stunned blows.

Ben Kenobi: I changed from Epp Obi to Ben for the sole purpose of continually reviving luke, the only downside is unless on Tatooine he can not aid in a beat down when they spread, I feel his game text is a fair trade off for that.

Corran Horn: U-3PO sucks, and Corran is also a good character to go undercover and block a drain at a 2/2 site.

It Could Be Worse: This card rules, and if by some occurence you lose the podrace, hey look just pay 6.........

Visored Vision: Any method of dealing damage simply with non-interaction is welcome in this deck

Yoda Stew: Drawing Daughter and getting Monnoked for doubles sucks

Podracing Interrupts: To win the podrace

Shocking Information & Grimtaash: Grimtaash and Monnok are huge cards.........always necessary

Anger Fear Aggression: More damage dealing.

Stone Pile: This card is great when you want to come down and apply beatdown, after a few turns your opponents hand should be rather small because they are dedicating their forces to deal as much damage as they can, well use this card, take out the cards they feel are absolutely necessary and take over a site.

Wars Not Make One Great/Battle Plan: Forces activation hence causing Anger Fear Aggressions to get closer to the top, more cards in used pile for visored visions etc.  Might cause them to not even drain and that just makes it all the better!

Honor Of The Jedi: Direct damage sucks and cannot be reduced by jedi training.......subtracts two from podrace damage if you lose......

Undercover: For Corran horn, cancel drain at 2/2 site.

Lightsaber Proficiency: To beef up that drain at the Tatooine site.

Uncontrollable Fury: Fun card for all the Epp Vaders around now.

What’re You Trying To Push On Us: Grabbers rule, must have in every deck unless you play SAC.

I Did It: When they drop Secret Plans that turn you win the race and you cannot retrieve you can at least get 4 back the next turn.

Jedi Tests: Well putting Jedi Tests in a Jedi Testing is pretty tech stuff.  I came up with it myself.

I am not gonna talk about matchups because there are no set matchups in a brand new environment and the deck handles most decks just about the same.  If you want some help with a matchup feel free to dmail me.
