---
layout: archive
author: ! Christopher "chris"99"man" Seymour
title: ! "Maul Strikes at The Jedi"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-12
description: ! "Hunt Down Podracing with Maul Dueling Qui Gon."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)

Hunt Down/Fire Gone out of universe

Epic Duel

Executor Meditation Chamber

Executor Holotheatre

Start Yout Engines

Tatooine Podrace Arena

Sebulba`s Podracer

Boonta Eve Podrace

Watto`s Box

Visage Of The Emperor


Characters (13)

EPP Vaderx4

Emperor Palpatinex3

Darth Maul Young Apprenticex3

Mara Jadex2

U-3P0


Starships (3)

Bossk In Hounds Tooth

Boba Fett In Slave 1

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter


Locations (1)

Imperial Holotable


Effects (8)

No Escape

Secret Plans

The Phantom Menace

Visage Of The Emperorx2

There`ll Be Hell To Pay

Image Of The Dark Lord

They Will Be No Match For You


Interrupts (25)

Vaders Obsessionx3

The Circle Is Now Completex2

Maul Strikesx3

Masterful Movex3

Ommni Box/It`s Worsex2

Twi`lek Advisorx2

Podracer Collisionx4

Focused Attack

Holonet Transmission

Monnok

Force Lightningx2

Unexspected Interruption


'

Strategy: '

Like Most Other Hunt Down Podracing Decks the opponent loses force from podracing, epic duel, counter assaults, visage of the emperor and draining.


ASAP you need to get the holotable and start draining there and then going off dueling with vader and maul.


With The new effects from Coruscant-They Will Be No Match For You and The Phantom Menace are excellent making maul immune to attrition and dueling with him and NOT placing Hunt Down Out Of Play.


The Starships are in there for taking over opponents location or catching them off guard if they think you don`t have any space.


The Force from visage won`t really hurt you because you can retrieve it with podracing.


Against WYS and QMC Start Draing at the holotable, win the podrace and duel the jedi.

Play Counter Assault with their lower power characters and make them lose loads of force.


Against HB all space Drain away at the holotable and any location with Maul and Vader. Their loss from visage and podracer will win the game for you. '