---
layout: archive
author: ! Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: ! "ORS-Ops (ISB)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-02
description: ! "This was mainly built in order to be my fun Deck though I need your suggestions to make it better."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective ISB operations


Starting(5)

Coruscant

Prepared Def.

IAO

Mob. Points

TINT/OE


Characters(19)

ORS x9

Chall Bekan

Officer Evax

Commander Merrejk

5D6-RA-7

Commander Igar

Admiral Chiraneau

Grand Admiral Thrawn

DVDLOTS

Vader w/ stick

Grand Moff Tarkin


Blue(8)

Blizzard2

Tempest1

Zuck@$$ in Misthunter

Bossk in Bus

Boba in Slave1

Chimaera

Dominator

Dreadnut


Interrupts(12)

Imperial Barrier x2

Abyssian Ornament x2

Projective Telepathy

Masterful Move 

Monnok 

Ghhk

Limited Ressources

Imperial Command x2

T´wilek


Effects(8)

Lateral Damage

S&D

Security Precautions

Battle Order 

Secret Plans

Grabbler

First Strike

Den of Thieves


Locations(7)

Endor

Sullust

Mon Calamari

Rendili

Ex. DB

Endor DB

D. DB

'

Strategy: '

Ok this is an allaround Fun-Deck.You can battle, drain just all you want.Strategy is simpleflip and drain da hell out of opponent with Chiraneau + ISB agents.

If opponents wants to battle then kill him.Vader + Tarkin together with Commander Igar with Walkers should be great for this, but space is much stronger with super Chimaera and Bounty Hunters.


matchups


Hidden Base - get Security Precautions out and probe with Boba and Chimaera.Block his drains with ships and Den of Thieves.S&D and drains will kill him.


Dagobah - your drains are enough without bonuses together with S&D.Should be tough though.


WYS - get the damn droid to Tatoinne and dominate space.Never played one myself so I think you can giove me some advice.


EBO - Ships should be able to hold one or two systems, together with S&D and ground drains you should win.If it is meta in your area put in Imperial decree and get your ISBs to Hoth.


Thats all, I hope I get some reviews so I can see what I can do better.One last thing fear Blount??? Just kill him  '