---
author: Zack "Fett Lord" Phillips
title: Court of the Gangster Scum v2
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-23
description: This is almost like my last courtscum deck, only w/ more characters.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

 
Objective
Court/ I shall enjoy watching you die

Locations (8)

Audience Chamber (Strt)
Great Pit (Strt)
Jabba Dungeon (Strt)
Jp Sail barge Passenger Deck
Jp Rancor Pit
Tatooine JP
DS2 DB

Characters (19)

Bane Malar
Dengar w/ gun
Mara
Fett w/ gun
Bibby
Lom w/ gun
Iggy w/ gun
Jodo
Mosep
Gailid
Chall
CC Engineer
Evazan
Jabba
Ephant
Boelo
Snoova
Djas
J’quille

Creatures (2)

Bubo
Rancor

Ships and Vehicles (5)

Sail Barge
Zukuss in ship
Dengar in ship
Iggy in ship
Bossk in ship

Inerrupts (12)

Prepared D (Strt)
Hidden Weapons
Control sfs x2
Trap door x2
Twilek advisor x2
None Shall pass x2
oota goota solo


Effects (13)

Resistance
Power of the Hutt (Strt)
No Escape
Scum
Hutt Influence
No Bargain
All wrapped up
Secret Plans
S+D
TINT/OE
Disarmed x2
First Strike

Weapon (2)

Mara’s saber
vibro 

Strategy: 

RESPONSE- The reasone that i dont have more matchups is because i haven’t played against any other kinds of decks...which will change soon enough.

QUESTION. Will this deck be screwed when tattoine comes out?
I would really like to play w/ it once in a tourny...its the only one i have. Is it descernable on wheter or not ebox will be screwed? Thanks.

CARDS I WANT TO ADD. Are they needed?WHAT CAN I TAKE OUT?
-blast door controls
-Hidden weapons
-Cantina
-Ghhk
-you cant hide 4 eva

THE ABOVE IS WHAT IM MOST INTRESTED IN SO PLEASE HELP HERE WHEN YOU REVIEW

I just started in swccg, but have a pretty good grasp of it. At first this was an imperial court deck, but after failing w/ that, i looked up some court decks and took out all my imperial stuff out and added in some of the normal courtscum stuff.


Why This Card?

Bubo- Arconas have given me trouble, so he was the answer

Rancor Stuff- Who doesnt like Mr Rancor? He eats stuff while I’m flipped, then gets me back to the bonuses of court.

S+D- Ebo is big in my area, so i use this, and court to make them lose.

Mos/Gal- Get them at the choke point, there reserve, and drain them for all they got. I do have some probs w/ suicide mains w/ guns....


Power of hutt- I can pull a lot of my deck w/ this. Mostly Hutt Influence and the barge.

Evazan - Can operate disamrmed and hit, which is killer w/ all my guns.

Ships- I have never had a problem w/ only these 4, so until i do ill just stick w/ them.

None Shall/SFS- Protect my guys early, and also key for protecting my measly number of ships.

Barrier- I want to add another. Bait, Barrier, Beat Down.



Against

EBOX

Tough. Make them lose big on court and S+D, but watch out for mains w/ toys suciding. I usually only deploy to space when i ahve a ghhk or barrier and zuckuss. X wing guns own the ships, so watch out. Try and battle as much as you can to regain the massive losses. Resistance helps cap off these so start it. Dont try to take over hoth bc not many good players will let you cancel ebo, so whats the point? Most likely you will get smacked w/ a barrier and ice storm anyway. You could try a mad dash to cancel incom...
Start- Resistance, Power, and YCh4ever

Profit

Not a problem. Start jabba and chall for dirt cheap aliens. 1st turn pull out beoalo and galid. Also revert audience chamber and try to make the JP yours. You can most likely eat a lot of people this game...so be rdy for that. Also make sure you have bibby down so they cant move han away. The Trap door him and they are shot to poo. Do not worry about what they are doing i fthey are building up there forces elsewhere, if they naburn over just oota gota and sfs them, and then deploy a massive beat down. This deck should be a breeze.
Start- Power, All wrap, and secret plans.

Local Uprising

If by some reason someone uses this, you should blow it away. No escape and hutt influence will win this game for you no problem. Play reactive and win.



