---
author: Mark "Ar2Dee2" Zoran
title: DS:BSU (Death Star: Blow Stuff Up) Aka &#65279;The Great big ball of doom!
side: Dark
date: 2001-09-10
description: The ultimate way to destroy the piddly light side!!!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

&#65279;
Starting: 5
Death Star <Remember to use Hyper route Nav Chart (does not count as a part of your 60-cards)>
Prep. Defenses
A Million Voices
Combat Response
YCHF/MPoints

Effects: 7

We’re The Bait
Security Precautions
Reactor Terminal
Visage Of the Emperor
Sienar Fleet Systems
Lateral Damage
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet

Interrupts: 9

Dark Maneuvers
Put all Sections on Alert X 2
Defensive Fire/ Hutt Smooch
I have You Now
Short-range Fighters 
We Must Accelerate Our Plans
All power to Weapons X 2

Characters: 9
Ephant Mon
···Death Star Gunner X 4
Commander Merrejk X 2
Darth Maul (Tatooine)
Emperor Palpatine(DSII)

Starships: 16
Tie Interceptor X 9
Maul&#8217;s Sith Infiltrator
Executor
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Trade Federation Battleship X 3

Admiral&#8217;s Orders: 1
Black Sun Fleet

Sites: 6
Death Star: Conference Room
Coruscant <From Coruscant set>
Naboo
Bespin
Wakeelmui
Tatooine

Epic Events: 2
Commence Primary Ignition X 2

Weapons: 4
Superlaser
Laser Cannon Battery X 2 <Coruscant>
Maul&#8217;s Lightsaber


Strategy: 

Strategy:
Yes, I do know what your thinking . . . No objective? Dumb. Well the DS obj. can only target certain planets.
REMEMBER THIS DECK IS DEFINITELY FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE PLAYED THE GAME A SHORT
WHILE! THESE PEOPLE KNOW HOW AND WHAT TO DO IN CASE OF AN EMERGENCY.  Ok now for
strategy... 

-------------------------
The effects- YCHF/MP Use this to get Wakeelmui. Lose it to get security precautions.  Next deploy whatever planets
you get and any other usable cards S/A WMAOP to get any of the effects in your deck.

Do not just frivolously deploy any Starfighters! The battleships are in there for the reason of their draws one Battle
destiny if not otherwise while with another Starfighter. Star fighters are for attack!!!! Darth Maul (and I have you
now)is for defense!!!! Combat response is there to get Maul or his ship depending on which you have in your hand.
Any of those cards(i.e.: We’re the bait) that look pretty dumb, really are. Notice most of those cards are 6 or 7
destinies. When playing this particular deck, you need to activate as much as possible and destiny track the 6 and 7’s
with Reactor Terminal. Now this IS a blow-up everything in sight deck. To set up properly you must have on the
table: Death Star, Death Star Conference Room, Two sevens or Sixes stacked, 3 Death Star Gunners or less < they
cumulatively add 2 to Commence Primary Ignition>, Superlaser, Ephant Mon., and as many force as it takes at the
planet site.


When you draw your destiny It should be a 6 or 7. The Equation on CPI is (destiny+Y-Z)>8, Planet is blown away.
X=total sites at the target, Y=Total DS sites opponent has no presence, and Z=opponent’s choice of X or total sites
at ONE rebel base.


You draw a 6. Add 6 for the 3 DS Gunners, add 1 because of DS: Conf. Room. That’s a total destiny of 13. Then
minus whatever the number of sites at planet and there you go. With this you can blow away a planet and from 1  to 5
sites!


1.)	 Now as you read earlier about the planet choice, most people play with these locations, do they not. The
planet Coruscant is good to blow up, why? As you may have noticed, the Death Star deploys only at 0 parsec. This is
also the planet parsec number of Coruscant. This planet is indigenous to the JEDI and SENATORS. Now most Jedi
council members may only deploy to CORUSCANT: JEDI COUNCIL CHAMBER. Blowing away this planet will
wreck LS SENATORS and JEDI MASTER ACTIVATION. 

2.)	Ok now for Naboo. Yes the Naboo set is not out yet. But...why doesn’t a 2 for 2 drain without modifiers
 it may not be modified by cards like MENACE FADES.

3.)	Bespin there’s always good old smugglers and gamblers. Destroy it and verbally make fun of the other deck
player. QUIET MINING COLONY

     4.)  Wakeelmui is for the MONKEY TIE aspect of the game via SIENAR FLEET
SYSTEMS.

5.)	Tatooine, my word . . . um. Well there’s always WYS / TPCBALR, THGG / WNANO, YCEPBT / OBD,
AITC / NLFTE. Wow the Death Star ruins all of these decks. Nuf’ said.  


Why are there two Epic events even when I have the Effect to pull them? The EFFECT allows you to deploy it twice
per game from the reserve deck or lost pile. It is mainly used to get them out of the used pile or in dire need only. 

BLACK SUN FLEET? Darth Maul all the way! His Starship is INDEPENDENT! During your CONTROL phase
your independent Starship may make a regular move. Darth Maul is sitting (not alone!!!) around at a planet, you FORCE DRAIN
then move and FORCE DRAIN again!!! Yes, double force loss! 

EMPEROR PALPATINE? Extra force activation. Destiny 6.

Defensive Fire/ Hutt Smooch? The best defensive cards against an opponent with a few cards in hand, who is grinning
like an IDIOT. You then know he has something nice in his hand. 
 

I have You Now? Darth Maul IS an Dark Jedi Master. And how many ‘Watch your step’ decks use Luke? 

Short-range Fighters? Why not the COMBO? Easy enough no force retrieval on the COMBO.  

We Must Accelerate Our Plans? Of course! Why not? Use 3 force to take any effect or deploy a BLOCKADE
FLAGSHIP. (Yes, I do realize that of this moment there aren’t any BF’s yet. So concentrate on the EFFECT
purpose.) Anything that I failed to add in or explain please ask first before rating the deck.




