---
layout: archive
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "ISB v 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-06
description: ! "ISB with ORS that drain the opponent to death, then retrieve and win."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1) 

ISB/Empire’s Sinister Agents (st) 


Locations (8) 


Coruscant (st) 

Caridia 

Endor Back Door 

Endor Dark Forest 

Cloud City Downtown Plaza 

Tat Jabba’s Palace 

Tat Moisture Farm 

Tat Docking Bay 



Starships (5) 


Chimera 

Boba Fett in Slave I 

Bossk in Hound’s Tooth 

Executor 

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 


Vehicles(7) 


Tempest 1 

Tempest Scout 2 

Tempest Scout 3 

Tempest Scout 5 

Blizzard 1 

Blizzard 2 

Dune Walker x2 


Charachters (22) 


Outer Rim Scouts x11 

Admiral Ozzel 

Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2 

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2 

Grand Admiral Thrawn 

Officer Evax 

Fozec 

Chall Bekan 

U-3PO 

Guri 



Red Cards (17) 


Do or Do Not & Oppressive Enfocement(st) 

Search and Destroy 

Prepared Defenses (st) 

Secret Plans (st) 

Ghkk 

Imperial Barrier 

Trample x2 

Sandwhirl x2 

Projected Telepathy x2 

Abyissn Ornament x2 

Imperial Arrest Order (st) 

Mobilization Points (st) 

Twil’ek Advisor 

Den of Thiefs  '

Strategy: '

Mains Decks Set up deserts, and walker w/ agent, walker w/ agent, walker w/ agent. Unless you are really afraid of an early game beatdown, save the sandwhirls until they deploy their mains, and watch them go poof Dont forget, the tempest walkers can reaxct, so these things run all over the place. If they go to cloud city, it becomes a drain race b/c your guys cant compete in battle, just set up at the db and drain drain drain. Mains - ex win, CC mains, good game, you should out drain. And drop a docking bay at Kessel to make the drain only 2. And race drain him, he wont be doing much damage to you, itll depend on your speed against his speed. 


MWYHL Can absoultey kill this deck, usually never does. But most dagobah decks ive seen dont test to 6, You should set up very quickly against dagobah. Sandwhirls ready to keep the Epps gone forever. OR you could send a crew over in the Hound to kill luke. Drain Like mad and Retrieve. 


Hidden Base Set up fast, drop the docking bays and his big drain systems and set up deserts and big drain sites. Drain as fast as you can, and probe. The 4 ships I play have immunity so unless they get a 5, youll be fine. Probe, ghkk, continue your drains, ez win. 


Profit Same as mains, the sandwhirls will keep them inside where you can bargaining table the drains and really only loose to profit, dump your agents and retrieve them with the flipped obj. Usually a rase, but ISB will come out on top... 


ISB is dying. so i’m just trying to ressurect it> 


Thanks for Reading and Reviewing.  '