---
layout: archive
author: ! scott "hjedi" taylor
title: ! "A dIsTrUpTiOn  (InVaSiOn StYlE)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-17
description: ! "this deck uses the new objective from theed palace. basically i will take over naboo and drain and more later...."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (9) 

Invasion/In Complete Control 

Naboo 

Naboo Swamp 

Blockade Flagship 

Droid Racks 

Prepared Defenses 

The Phantom Menace 

An Entire Legion Of My Best Troops 

Inconsequential Losses 


DEFENSIVE SHIELDS (10) 

Fear Is My Ally 

-----A Useless Gesture 

-----Allegations of Corruption 

-----Come Here You Big Coward 

-----Do They Have A Code Clearance 

-----Fanfare 

-----Oppressive Enforcement 

-----Resistance 

-----Secret Plans 

-----Weapon of a Sith 

-----Wipe Them Out, All Of Them 


CHARACTERS (21) 

Darth Sidious 

Lord Maul x2 

Nute Gunray, Neimodian Viceroy x2 

Rune Haako, Legal Counsel x2 

3B3-1204 

3B3-21 

3B3-888 

OWO-1 w/ Backup 

SSA-719 

SSA-1015 

SSA-306 

Captain Daultay Dofine 

Infantry Battle Droid x4 

Battle Droid Officer x2 


EFFECTS (3)

Activate The Droids 

After Her 

Blaster Rack


INTERRUPTS (10) 

Cease Fire x2 

There They Are x2 

This Is Not Good 

Maul Strikes x2 

Alter 

Oh, Switch Off x2 


WEAPONS (8) 

Maul&#8217;s Double-Bladed Lightsaber x2 

Battle Droid Blaster Rifle x6 


STARSHIPS/VEHICLES (5) 

DFS-1308 

DFS-1015 

DFS-327 

Trade Federation Droid Control Ship 

TT-6 


LOCATIONS (4) 

Blockade Flagship Bridge 

Naboo Theed Palace Hallway 

Naboo Theed Palace Throne Room 

Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core 


'

Strategy: '

getting this objective flipped shouldnt be too hard as you get to download the theed palace and with a 1 in 24 chance of getting either maul or a neimoiedian in your opening hand you will be flipping in turn 1. with the droid & blaster racks coupled with An Entire Legion Of My Best Troops and Inconsequential Losses, you`ll be able torecycle your droids and weapons. This deck is techy and can hold against many decks.


i.e.

3B3-888 - one force maye a character defense value -3

3B3-21 - use x force to reveal top x card (4 only 0(.) and deploy droids for free anything else lost.

3B3-1204 - a force to cancel quis immunity is big

SSA-306  - is brillant against the WYS obj.

OWO-1 w/ Backup - add another driod - 2 destinies

SSA-719 - great against decks that abuse looking through the deck for check purpose.

SSA-1015 - Great against jedis


use the This Is Not Good to stop him from blowing up the blockage ship


matchups.


WYS

Shield can help but if you just go to him after flipping you will take him out. mass deploy at tatooine with atts and driods


TIGIH

dump on him and kill luke or just leave him alone. if you get rid of luke they don`t get that extra drain and activation.


DoTF

Could be a problem, so use the Sidious guy to get rid of them after you have mass beatdown on him


We Have A Plan

have the theed palace full of droids and weapons and have maul there with saber to try and kill panka and /or the queen. could be easy tho.


MWYHL

out drain them, pity that the battleship wasn`t hyperspeed 4 then we could invade the wrong planet. heheheheheheh


Hidden Base

Could be a problem after flipping, use the ships to attack them or defend your ship.


generator

invade the junkyard and get the TT6 and invade with hoards of droids, use ohh switch off to stop targeting yur driods.


senator

could be hard, react to opponent strategy, but flip and put the heat on him.


bunker

control the bunker at all times, just invade Endor. shouldn`t be to hard.


RTP

put a few droids and ensure that they cant free leia. shouldnt be to hard with the amount of droids in the deck.


free han objective

fortify the jpac with droids and protect the art work.


QMC

invade bespin same as endor, shouldnt be too hard, thought watch out if he does flip.


blow up the grey ball

could be hard, use the ships to help you


any other objective that i have missed is purely coincidental.




'