---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "Baileybuddy" Hall
title: ! "Reflections 2 LS Objective Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-20
description: ! "This deck is based on the new LS objective. Battling and draining is the key to this deck."
rating: 1.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

Watch your Step/This Place can be a
    Little Rough

Locations (7)

Kessel System
Tatooine System 	      (Starting)
Tatooine Cantina	      (Starting)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94       (Starting)
Tatooine Jawa Camp
Tatooine Hutt Canyon
Tatooine Desert

Characters (22)

Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Luke with Lightsaber
General Calrissian
Chewbacca of Kashyyk
General Solo
Wedge Antilles Red Squadron Leader
Melas
Dash Rendar
Admiral Ackbar
Princess Leia Organa
Pops
Wookie
Ryle Torsyn
Corporal Janse
Colonel Salm
Sergeant Junkin
Dresselian Commando
Kin Kian
Keir Santage
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Karie Neth
Major Panno

Starships (10)

Gray Squadron 1
Gray Squadron 2
Red Squadron 4
Red Squadron 7
B-Wing Attack Fighter
Blue Squadron B-Wing
B-Wing Bomber x2
A-Wing
Nebulon-B Frigate

Weapons (4)

Altgar Laser Cannon
Blastech E-11B Blaster Rifle
Disruptor Pistol
Enhanced Proton Torpedos

Interrupts (9)

Fall Back
Steady Aim
Friendly Fire
Lukes Back
Take the Initiative
Higher Ground
Careful Planning
It Could Be Worse
Captive Pursuit

Effects (7)

Scramble
Superficial Damage
I Feel the Conflict
I’ve Got a Bad Feeling About This
The Time for our AttacK Has Come
Do or Not Do/Wise Advise
Bacta Tank


'

Strategy: '

Now for the Strategy...

The Main goal of this deck is to battle and force drain. Since their our only 5 battleground sites and their are 21 characters a good Star Wars player can easily defend most of the sites. Force Draining is not needed as much as battling.

You hopefully have read the cards and have probably said that I dont have enough smugglers or Lukes in this deck for this objective. Well thats what I said, but this deck still works.

What I love to do with this deck is surprise the opponent. I wait for a few turns and gather lots of force then I deploy 4 or so characters at one site, start a battle, and then wipe him out. This leaves your opponent speechless. I call this the Element of Surprise.

HOW TO START THE GAME

Start with the objective which lets you deploy Tattoine system, Docking Bay 94, and Cantina and the opponent may not generate any force at Cantina. Now each turn you will always generate atleast 6 force. Enough for you to deploy one character each turn. And the oppinent would be generating 4 force plus whatever he decides to deploy. Hopefully you’ll draw a good starting hand. Don’t deploy 1 character a turn. Build up your foce and deploy 3 or 4 characters together. That way you can defend each site without getting wiped out. Now its your 5th turn or so. You have characters on the table. Do this same thing a few times so you can get a few charactetrs that are well-defending each site. Now by the time your set up you can battle and force drain.

Yes the starships in this deck are very weak. I recommend keeping most of the starships at one site that way you have a decent number of ships defending the site. The deck is not meant for space so pelase dont criticize me on how i dont have great starships. You may easily replace these starships for bigger and better ships.

THERE IS NO REASON TO EXPLAIN EACH AND EVERY CARD JUST READ THEIR GAME TEXT AND YOU WILL KNOW WHY I PUT THEM IN.

AND Finally...

DO NOT RATE THIS DECK IF YOU DID NOT READ THE WHOLE THING. i really dont like people that do it. Any comments on cards would be appreciated and would be considered.  But please don’t tell me how bad my starships are because i already know. Now if you read the whole thing then GO RATE


~-~-~-Response to Reviews-~-~-~

Looks like your usin some of Deciphers decks. Take out some of those weird ships for the Smugglers and their ships and some cappies
  ISBOPS

Nope Matt. Just created that yesterday. I know the ships suck and our weird. cappies?

'