---
author: joe "brangus" horbey
title: Horbey’s Huntdown Machine
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-28
description: This deck has the capability to beat anything, and with a good a differential.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: [8]

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Visage Of The Emperor
Executor: Holotheatre
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations: [5]

Carida
Death Star: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Executor: Docking Bay

Characters: [18]

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x3
Lord Vader x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Dr. Evazan
Guri

Weapons: [3]

Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Starships: [5]

Avenger
Chimaera
Devastator
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boskk In Hounds Tooth

Vehicles: [2]

Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts: [10]

Operational As Planned x2
Masterful Move x2
You Are Beaten
Monnok
Twi’lek Advisor
Force Lightning
I Have You Now
Sniper D 

Strategy: 

MY DECK GOT CUT OFF, THE REST SHOULD LOOK LIKE THIS :
Sniper Dark & Dark Strike

Effects: [9]

Visage Of The Emperor x2
Bad Feeling Have I
First Strike
No Escape
Battle Order
Lateral Damage
Search & Destroy
Secret Plans


I dont think any card explanations are really necessary; everything is pretty self-explanatory. So here goes the strategy:

- Early Game -

Pull Carida before you activate. First turn search for a battle ground docking bay if you have enough force to get Vader out, otherwise, pull the Executor: Docking Bay. Second turn you will most likely have Vader, and you deploy him to one of your docking bays.

- Mid Game -

When your opponent deploys, crush him. This deck has tons of beat down capability, and should be able to handle anything that comes your way.

- Late Game -

There is no late game with this deck. Your going to pound your opponent rather quickly.

Now for specific strategy:

VS. HB Mains

This game is fairly simple. When he deploys, you stomp him. Well tracked destiny helps in this matchup; though I think its nearly impossible for the light side to handle a focused beatdown deck such as this. Remember that You Cannot Hide Forever reduces luke and obis defense value by 1.

VS. Profit

Start Mara and Dr. Evazan. Take over the AC and prevent the flip. Develop a presence at Carida and drain at your docking bays with walkers. Your opponent cant win if he cant drain you.

VS. Agents In The Court - Aliens

Please; if they are not getting Captured, Choked, Blasted, or Shocked, then they are going down to your High Destiny. Play smart and win.

VS. Agents In The Court - Mains

Play the same way as HB Mains.

VS. Watch Your Step

Take control of kessel and you win. No combination of Smugglers are strong enough to hold up against this deck.

VS. MWYHL Testing

Start Secret Plans. Set up drains, get S+D going. You will kill him in most cases before he completes his training, or will have crippled him enough to where it doesnt matter.

VS. Falcon Deck

If your opponent is dumb enough to leave Leia on the falcon, so be it. He wont be able to drain or battle. If he doesnt, then just pound the damn thing. Easy win.

I usually give a more detailed strategy section, but this deck isnt very hard to play. I would almost go so far as to say it plays itself.

- Joe Horbey


