---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "VaderDD" Schele
title: ! "a Trooper Deck w/ no obj "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-22
description: ! "This and attempt at a trooper deck w/ NO RII"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations 

Gall 

Carida 

Endor Forest Clearing 

Endor Ewok Village 

Endor Back Door


Characters 

Darth Vader With Lightsaber 

General Tagge 

Admiral Motti 

Colonel Dyer 

DS-61-4 

Captain Godherdt 

Sergeant Wallen 

Elite Squadron 

Stormtrooper x3 

Stormtrooper x7


Character Weapons, Weapons, and Devices

 Blaster Rifle x5 

Disruptor Pistol x2 

Boosted TIE Cannon 

Concusion Missle 



Starships and Vehicles

 Accuser 

Stalker 

Victory-class Star 

Destroyer x2 

Setinel-class Landing 

Craft x2 

TIE Interceptor 

TIE Defender Mark I x2 

Black 4 

Tempest Scout 3


Interrupts and Effects

 Prepared Defenses 

Tactical Support 

Relentless Pursuit 

They’re Coming In Too Fast 

Ghhhk x2 

Freeze 

Trooper Assult x5 

An Entire Legion Of My Best 

Troops 

Imperial Academy Training 

Crossfire 

Secret Plans

'

Strategy: '

Change in deck [Update 4/23/01]

Take out the Stormtroopers x3 and make them elite squadron stormtroopers x3




First of all start with Endor Forest Clearing and Prepared Defenses to start with 

Crossfire 

An Entire Legion Of My Best Troops 

Secret Plans. 

This Deck is good against an ebo deck. When playing an ebo deck you have to deploy first and move in with ability to draw. Make sure that you have at least one blaster rifle or disruptor pistol on one of the guys. you should then be able to take control of the echo sites easily. Move to the war room if it is deployed and wait there for your opponent to deploy. Force drain on Endor too so the opponent has to choose; force drain on Endor or get ebo down and force drain at the systems. What ever you do DON’T the systems against an ebo deck. Use the air power to stop the biggest force drain.


Thanks,

Ryan


I promise to stop posting crappy unusuable decks like ”The best deck”  '