---
author: Tsun "Modog" Mo
title: Mo’s Ohio State Endor Ops
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-26
description: A Basic Endor Ops deck that can drain for a bunch, beat anything out of space, and contain drains on the ground.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)

Endor Ops/ Imperial Outpost
Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Db
Prepared Defense
Power of the Hutt
IAO
Mob. Points

Locations(5)

Rendili
Kessel
Sullust
Fondor
Kashyyyk


Characters(18)

Lord Vader
DVDLOTS x2
Mara Jade, TEH x2
Commander Merrjk
Ephant Mon
Prince Xizor
Guri
Officer Evax
Adm. Piett
Grand Adm. Thrawn
Adm Ozzel
Adm. Chiraneau
Lt. Arnet
Capt Sarkli
Grand Moff Tarkin
U-3P0

Vehicle/ Starship(9)

Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Chimera
Executor
Bossk in HT
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in PO
DSSS x2

Effects(7)

Imp. Decree
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned For Them
Lateral Damage x2
Ominous Rumors
There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts(8)

Imperial Commands x3
Gravity Shadow
Twilek’s Advisor x2
Point Man
Trample

AO(1)

We’re In Attack Position Now

Weapons(4)

Mara’s Saber
Vader’s Saber x2
Homing Beacon


Strategy: 

UPDATE: Please do not tell me ISB is better, I know that, but since I didn’t have either the objective nor DS Coruscant, I can’t really play it can I??

Respond to reviews:
I know Menace Fades can shut down my drains severly, but tell me, how can they control a system when I have such a massive fleet chasing them?

END UPDATE

This was a DS deck that I played at the OH States. It has enough space to pound any LS, good ground to stop major drains and can drain a bunch if not checked.

Strategy

Pretty simple, 1st turn, grab Rendili if not in your hand already, activate, depending on what you play against, deploy accordingly, I usually deploy Ominous Rumors 1st turn if it’s still in reserve.Grand Admiral Thrawn should be the first to grab with Imperial commands since he can hold a system all by himself. Deploy you space fleet and defend it with added immunity from Ao, addition/limitation of BD with Imperial Commands, Thrawn, or BH Ships. If they play Landing Claw, cancel it with Homing Beacon(Also great for spreading out). If they deploy on ground, use the walkers to trample anyone, or use U-3P0 to block drains and beat them with DVDLOTS, Mara, and Xizor ( preferably not all together)

Matchups

WYS
Depending on what version they play, but most of them don’t have enough space power to handle your massive fleet.Limit their BD with Imperial Commands or Guri in space. Grab anything that can interfere with your game. I have both Secret Plans and SSPFT to limit their retrival severly. I usually don’t deploy to ground as you are asking for a beating, especially the Patrol Craft deck. You can definitely out-drain them in Space. Also, you don not have to deploy Ephant Mon to the Bunkers cuz almost all WYS decks don’t have spies.

HB Mains
This deck will have more space than WYS, but you still have a far more superior spacefleet that them. Use the combination of Imperial Command, Thrawn, and BH Ships to beat them. Deploy walkers with support on the ground to beat them. Trample anyone that gets in the way. 

EBO Mains/ EBOX
This COULD present a good match, but you should come out on top. With multiple destinies, Dengar to cancel immunity, and Lateral Damage x2. They can’t hang with you in space. Treat the EBO Mains version as HB mains.

These are the most popular decks out right now I guess, if I missed anything, let me know.

Modog
Mo.13@doramail.com     