---
author: Scot "The Ithorian" Vales
title: Newbie Training Part 1
side: Light
date: 2001-06-24
description: Not a typical deck, this 30-card deck is used to help you teach a new player.  A follow-up is upcoming...
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm


Locations:
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94


Characters:
Beru Lars
C-3PO
CZ-3
Leia Organa
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Owen Lars
Rebel Gaurd
Rebel Troopers (x2)
Shistavean Wolfman
Talz (x2)
Chewbacca


Effects:
Disarmed
Mantellian Savrip


Interupts:
Don’t Underestimate Our Chances
Jedi Presence
Rebel Reinforcements


Devices:
Hydroponics Station
Restraining Bolt
Vaporator


Weapons:
Jedi Lightsaber
Leia’s Sporting Blaster
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Bowcaster


Vehicles:
Luke’s X-34 Landspeeder
Luke’s T-16 Skyhopper


Strategy: 

The purpose of this deck is to provide a start for new players.

THIS IS NOT INTENDED FOR SERIOUS TOURNAMENT PLAY!

I will be posting a Dark Side equivalent.

So, you ask, what’s the point?

Well, in my area, there is a shortage of new players.  So, before we can have new players, we must must train them.  This is my deck that I built in order to use to that meants.

Card choice?

First off, there is a second 30-card deck to be posted to train for space at the same sitting.  Many major characters not seen here are in there.
(I reccomend starting with ground because it keeps things basic.)

I chose these personas because they are the most recognizable to new players.  I also avoided the 4-ability Leia and the like so that to get a battle destiny USUALLY will take more than one character.  This way basic strategic deployment can be covered.

By looking through the cards, you will notice that the basic rules can all be covered.  I consider the ”basics” to be: activation, phases of a turn, deployment, battling, game text that affects battles, card types, docking bay transit, battle destiny and power, ”hitting” with a weapon, reacts, forfieture, cancelling game text and its affects, movement, drawing cards, and Force circulation.

I suggest trying this first open-handed so that you can go over card-types with the new player.  Let them read through every card (yes, it’s time consuming).  Try a battle first WITHOUT 4 ability (even if you have to start it).  Show how to compare power.

I understand that as the trainer, you may not like a few specific choices or do not have the cards that a listed here -- OK.  Be sure to replace these cards with cards that are similar in game text and card type.

Please see the other decks to be submitted to see how these decks fit together.

Any suggestions?

The Ithorian
Scot Vales  