---
layout: archive
author: ! R. "Voice of Law" Smith
title: ! "The Scrub Beater  Dark Side"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-16
description: ! "a BHBM deck that i threw together pretty quick and went 2-0 at a local with against a couple of kids"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)

BHBM/TYFP

Throne Room

Insignificant

YD

Prepared Defense

IAO

YCHForever

Crush the Rebellion


sites (6)

Endor docking bay

Cantina

hoth 5th marker

coruscant system

dagobah cave

tatooine landing site


guys (14)

palpatine x2

lord vader x2

dvdlots x2

mara jade x2

iggy w/gun

maul the @#$%

u3po

janus x4


ships (3)

fett in slave

bossk in bus

zuckuss in hunter


sebulbas racer (1)


weapons and levs (4)

vader’s stick

mara’s stick

weap lev x2


Sense/Alter (8)

Sense x6

Alter x2


interrupts (12)

You Are BEATEN

force lightning

overload x2

imbalance

imperial barrier x4

evader/monnok

i have you now x2


effects (3)

secret plans

cmere ya big coward

security precautions

'

Strategy: '

PS so what if you cant overload explosive charges, try anyway and see if you can get away with it

j/k but overload x2 still stands as that card beats xwing cannons, power pivot, ten numb superstar, and any lightsaber-carrying guy as long as you janus-track a zero


---------------

i put this together cuz i wanted to play something totally old school. well its not totally old school or id have 7 or 8 vaders in there but its close with the sac and twixes and junk.


basic strat with this deck is to pull palpy first turn and put him down with janus to an opponent’s site. if they dont give you one you can pull the endor bay and put them there. then second turn you should have a drain of at least 2. if the opponent drops some guys on you then you barrier/force lightning/i have you now/whatever to win. most opponents are smart enough to leave palpy and janus alone but if they arent you just win a battle or two, stack a couple on insignficant and lose janus to cover any attrition (then deploy another copy). the original version had 5 januses (jani?) but i realized i only own 4 and upon review 4 seems to be enough.


why sac? because other than wys most light decks seem ill-prepared to deal with it. sac WRECKS QMC too, even if they are playing do/wise you can sense the path and beat the @#$% out of their guys. and it works well against any deck that starts podracing because they will never use their one effect slot for do/wise and then you can sense all their racing ints. 


why twixes? it’s a fetish. i have been wanting to build a twix deck for dark for the longest time, i had one for a while that started mauls site with 3 effects (crush being one of course) and played about 8 twixes, it was fun but overkill. twixes are good activation and great for tracking with janus for overloads.


why overload x2? see above. also so i can draw one early enough to hopefully make a difference against rst.


why imbalance? trackable with janus so it wrecks racing retrieval (both times), celebration, so much other stuff, only thing it doesnt work on is bunker cuz you have to put your hand down =/

plus in combo with secret plans this card is BEEF


why cantina? extra drain site and is an untouchable twix against WYS


why chybc? SUCH a good card, especially with all the twixes in here


why ask why? try bud dry


MATCHUPS


against rst racing you put sebulba down and use his text, then put palpy at the landing site first turn. then put janus down and drain for 3 at the landing site while finding your overloads to fry explosive charges with. SENSE every racing interrupt he plays and TMAC too. Hope to win the race. keep him from blowing the bunker with overloads, then try to take over the back door with vader and mara. just remember that he has a lsjk from reserve for 3 force thanks to the gayass bhbm objective, so save your barriers.


threepio decks probly have a sac war, dont lose it. remember your monnok is immune to sense, kickass. so play that and get some senses out of his hand. if you get mara early then go beat up on shmi, if not dont sweat it, get palpy and janus on endor and drain. LOOK SIR DROIDS and sense hdwgitm


wys i have s/a, i have twixes, i have everything that wys is made to beat. @#$% THAT. put palpy and janus in the cantina first turn and start draining for three. if its racing do like rst racing and you will have enough force for sebulba+palpy+janus first turn. sense what you can when you can. go ahead and put down your twixes, why not. your own cantina will come in handy for force gen. youll probly suck some drains in space but thats life. dont pull the endor dbay cuz that just gives them force and another place to occupy to keep their objective on 7 side. janus around to find maul cuz he’s huge against wys and would probably be your best bet in space.


qmc drop palpy/janus to their site first turn, start draining. sense all their gayass interrupts and track your imbalance for celebration


hidden base flip i played one of these in a fun game and lost by 15. hard to deal with as your only spy protection is the flighting, have to find cantina i guess (i lost it in my game) and get sec precs, then make sure you DONT leave a lone fett in slave one in front of 84 opposing ships with a probe card and then hit the base so battle damage against you counts again ...



there’s plenty of weaknesses to the deck but it’s fun and kinda different. and dark side is mostly a gamble now anyway.     '