---
layout: archive
author: ! nate "number 1" meeker
title: ! "This Ground Sure Feels Strange    Better WYS"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-03
description: ! "This is a WYS deck that I have been working with and is undefeated in three tounaments."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting8

Tatooine Docking Bay

Tatooine

Cantina

WYS

HFTMF

Staging Areas

Squad Assignments

Either Battle plan or Menace Fades


Characters18

Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight x2

Ben Kenobi x2

Corran Horn

Lando w/axe

Theron Nett

Dash Rendar

Wedge Antillies

Captin Han Solo

Mirax Terrik

Melas

Palace Raider x2

Talon Karrde x2

Chewbacca Protector x2


Admirals Orders2

Ill Take the Leader x2


Green3

X-Wing Laser Cannon x2

Lukes Stick


Blue6

Outrider

Millennium Falcon

Red Squad 1

Red 10

Patrol Craft x2


Effects7

Goo Nee Tay

Bacta Tank

Night Fall

Tatooine Celebration

Projection of a Skywalker x2

Either Battle Plan or Menace Fades


Interrupts16

I Have A Bad Feeling About This (Super-Tech)

Tunnel Vision

Sorry About The Mess

Nobel Sac

A Few Manuvers

Out Of Nowhere

The Signal x2

OofC/TT X2

Fallen Portal x2

Weapon Lev x2

Power Pivot x2 (huge tech in WYS)

'

Strategy: '

First The Card Choices

1. Ben Kenobi Yes he is very expensive but he can save your @#$% in most games when you dont want to lose a smugler.

2. I have a bad feeling about this This is a great card. My favorite thing to do is relocate Lateral Damage to Tatooine. This helps in most games.

3. Power Pivot This is the bonus that WYS needs to win vs a imp command deck. The power pivots help vs any big space deck and you can play them at key times to make your oppenent lose a ton of force even when they play imp command.


To Win with this deck you dont really need the celebration but you do need to hold the system. Almost every game one of your Freighters and one of your x-wings with a cannon can hold a system with a power pivot in hand.


Turns

1. Draw untill 12 but deploy effects.

2. Take two smuglers to the bay, you can also use luke.

3. Try to contol the system in this turn or the next. If you have the tank down one ship can hold it for a turn.

4. Put down another ship and draw.

5. After this you just drain and retrive if you need to. Get out Projection and you wont lose much force. He will most likly come after you but you can take him in most cases.


Matchups

ISB This can be a long game but will belong to you in the end. If he comes to tatooine in space very hard but has another system that you can satisfy menace fades with go there. On the ground you will spank him badly. But dont go to him. Watch for tramples. Put Projection down. Power Pivot will hurt him very badly.


Hunt down This can be hard if he duels, but most dont and you can kill them easily. Space is all yours so Celebrate.If you see Deul cards dont put down Ben. Luke can hold his own with his stick. And you have very good destiny. He will have only 4 or 5 good characters so take them out with multiple destinys. Sometimes you can get lucky with an out of commision and get vader. ha ha


BHFM This is an easy game most of the time because he wont will battles and you will beat him in the duels if he takes luke. He he doesnt go back to the death star you must kill vader, fallen portal is big. Drain and you will win big. He wont do any damage with your big destinys.


Court Start Battle plan every time it will hurt him every time. Go to space first. Fallen portal,projection, and weapon lev are the keys to the game. Play them effectively and the game is yours.


My kind of scum Same as court fallen portal is your biggest help along with projection. Most of the time mid-game you will want to take the chamber with a @#$%-load of men.


Ties This is the biggest problem to WYS and you will most likly have to leave Tatooine because you must satisfy menace fades and battle plan, keep them off the ground and you should win in the end. Remember to use nobel sac it will help.


Endor Ops This is a problem if they flip but most wont so drain away and use power pivot, keep menace fades in effect and the game is yours. Fallen portal is big again.


Every other objective is meat to this. Some decks can be not bad but one card people have in their decks doesnt make their deck able to beat this so dont review this and tell me that one card will screw this deck because I have seen every tech card for the DS and they dont match up with this style of WYS 

Thanks for taking time to read and Review '