---
author: Peter "ChevinUSMC" Harrington
title: MTV’S TRL Live from Endor Bunker
side: Dark
date: 2001-06-06
description: STARTING STUFF (8)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor: Bunker
Prepared Defenses
Something Special Planned For Them
Secret Plans
Imperial Decree

STARSHIPS (11)
Chimaera
Boba Fett In Slave I
IG-
rating: 1.5
---
Cards: 

Yeah FIRST Shout outs to all the KAshhyyk players I play cards with..

schiemer, pistone, ross, jetsaredim, paul, the ambassador’s cousin, hayes, eric, jimmy, and lol baroni. almost forgot u sorry man. who else? Donkey Kong, Free Willy, LiL’ Richard, and Pee-wee herman. oh ya and driscoll. 


Allright, I know what you are thinking right now. At this point in time why is he making an Endor Ops. Deck when RST is so powerful? Am I right? I mean come on...don’t tell me that hasn’t crossed your mind at all yet. See the thing is, RST is no longer a threat to my deck. I’ve looked deep into RST decks. And yes in the past they have whooped me....but not anymore. nuh uh, no sir. 
The reason why? My ground force. They will take out anyone that crosses their path. As soon as they come down there they die. I mean for real dude look at the maul’s the vader’s the mara’s. 

Aightttt.....let’s move on to space shall we? Ominous Rumors...BOOM! Ya gotta get that baby out on the first turn cause ya know what, against RST that maybe a problem. With Imp. Command a.k.a. "Pimp Command" I search for Admiral Piett. And when hes on the table I can get Merrejk out. Then with Merrejk’s game text you can get out Ape Monkey. No j/k. Battleground System Locations. Force drain +2 at any other battleground systems! Ominous Rumors whooo! =) Thats how it works. Ya well thats how it works. 
AIM SN- varneycrewPETERJ  im me if ya wanna chat about ccg.

    Semper Fidelis Ooorah =)

-Peter J. Harrington ("ChevinUSMC")



Strategy: 

yeah i think i messed up 