---
author: Edwin "Edwin" Harris
title: Edwin’s Tosche Station Deck
side: Light
date: 2001-05-13
description: I know the title is cheezy, I couldnt think of anything else. BTW This deck gets crazy activation.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

 
Interrupts (17)
Naburn Leids x3
Control/ TV x2
Skywalkers
Run Luke, Run x2
Out of Comission/TT x2
Smoke Screen
Careful Planning (st)
Lost In The Wilderness
Choke
Rebal Barrier
Higher Ground
Signal

Locations (4)
Yavin 4: Massasi Ruins
Hoth:Echo Command Senter (War Room)
Obi-Wans Hut (st)
Tosche Station (st)

Characters (20)
Ben Kenobi x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Jedi Luke x3
KFC
Corran Horn x2
TK-422
Chewie, Protector
Tawass Khaa
Leia with Blaster
DOS
Han with Pistol
Orrimarko
Lando with Axe
Harc Seff

Green (4)
Obi’s Stick
Obi’s Book
Luke’s Stick
Landing Claw

Ships (4)
Tantive 4
Lando in Falcon
Home 1 
GLIG1

Effects (11)
Grabber
Revo
Honor
Projection
FRozen Assets
OTE
Demotion
Aim High
Scramble
Goo Ney Tay
Bacta Tank


Strategy: 

*****THIS IS A PRE TATOOINE DECK*******

Okay first of all dont review this deck until you’ve read all of this section, and if you see anything really wierd with my deck, d-mail me before, because there is probally some reason for it. 

Okay using this deck you start with careful planning which gets Obi-Wan’s Hut and Tosche Station. FIrst turn chances are theres an Obi in your hand. If there is deploy him to the hut and move him over to the station. If there is no Obi, you should deploy some guy to tosche station (unless you expect a quick beatdown) and draw up the next (Obi WILL be in there). See what your opponet’s using and form around. Use Naburns to fly people around. Where I play IAO isn’t a big problem, I’ve played agenst one deck with IAO in the last 5 tournament games (3 state champs, 2 local), but if it is, put in a spiral, maybe a system, and some other thing. Late in the game revo the hut and get a stick there, or DOS and drain bunchs.

Why I Use Some Cards

DoS- Well I couldnt get my hands on another Leia with Blaster or a Bousshh, but if you have those use them insted.

x2 C/TV- I activate so much that this card can help, and this helps agenst big drains and SAC

Naburn Leids- see beginning 

Choke- For some reason if you opponet beats you down where you have an alein it works like a houjix. And it can cancel Ephant Mons game text agenst a Hunt Down, or possibly court.

TK-422- Well I needed some undercover guy!

So many Bens- He’s the key to my deck!!!

If you have any questions about this part please d-mail me, e-mail me @ MrCheezNcho@aol.com or IM me @ MrCheezNcho



Matchups


Court (or any other palace aleins deck)- Slip into the palace with a naburn, beatdown on there people, and make them lose to thier own ojb. The only court deck I’ve used this agenst, i won by 45.

Raltiir Ops, Operatives- You might wanna switch some stuff for Ounee Ta, if theese decks are popular where you are. Use Naburns wisely, and attck when thier weak (if you can). I beat a Ral Ops deck by 29 with this deck.

Hunt Down Battle- Great matchup, try to get thier obj. flipped back quick, and get honor out ASAP, if thier not using No Escape. If they are playing Ephant Mon with Visage, Choke will WIN the game for you.

Hunt Down Duel- Give Obi-Wan and Luke thier sticks and cross your fingers....

Big Blue- Use the landing claw wisely, attck when necessary, and drain at your ground sites. This will be the most fun matchup.

Any other deck- beat them down whereever you are!


Thanks for reviewing my deck, questions, d-mail me, or e-mail me.  