---
author: Ian "Chocobo93" Hunter
title: Not So Quiet Mining Colony
side: Light
date: 2001-04-07
description: My first attempt at a QMC deck. Basically control sites, force drain, retrieve.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
QMC
Bespin
Cloud City: Guest Quarters
HFTMF
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Locations (5)
Bespin: Cloud City
CC: Docking Bay
CC: Carbonite Chamber
CC: North Corridor
CC: Core Tunnel

Characters (16)
Obi w/ Saber
Luke, Rebel Scout
Son o’ Skywalker
Capn Han Solo
Lando w/ Blaster
Lobot
Boussh
Dash Rendar
Wedge, RSL
Chewbacca, Protector
Sergeant Edian
BoShek
Yoxgit
Pucumir Thryss
Corran Horn
Mirax Terrik

Starships (9)
Independence
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Squadron 1
Outrider
Falcon
Pulsar Skate
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter
Corellian Corvette

Effects (9)
Grabber
Battle Plan
Honor of the Jedi
Bacta Tank
Do or Do Not/Wise Advice
Goo Nee Tay
Menace Fades
CC Celebration
Traffic Control

Interrupts (9)
Lift Tube Escape x3
The Signal x2
Put That Down x2
Out o’ Commission/Trans. Term

Vehicles (3)
Lift Tube x3

Weapons (1)
Anakins Saber

Admirals Orders (1)
Capital Support 

Strategy: 

(Edit)Take out Capitol Support for Concentrate All Fire. Adds 2 to immunity of your already immune aliens, when Obj. is flipped. Take out Boussh and Luke, Rebel Scout in favor of Luke’s Lightsaber and Princess Leia. If you have SOS out, grab Anakin’s Saber, give it to Leia, then deploy Luke’s Saber on SOS. Works great. (End edit)

This please dont review this deck unless you read the strategy behind it. I know it’s long, but at least skim the overall idea. Constructive criticism, please. (Especially those who give me lower ratings)

This deck is designed to quickly get out Cloud City sites at which to generate massive amounts of force. When you deploy the Objective, you start with Bespin and Guest Quarters. This gives you 5 generation to start the game with. On your first turn, use Insurrection to pull CC: Docking Bay and use the Obj. to pull North Corridor. Next turn, deploy Carbonite Chamber and deploy to the docking bay (make sure you have enough characters not to get beaten down). By turn three, you’ll have 11 force activation per turn (8 if you dont occupy the docking bay). This is more than enough to start up.

NOTE: Some cards, like Luke, Jedi Knight or Home One I dont have, so you can just substitute them in where necessary.

Once you get Cloud City itself out, you can simply deploy Z-95 defense fighter w/ BoShek as pilot. 7 power w/ a destiny draw. If you want to back it up, send RLinR1 or GLinG1. Use Squadron Assignments to get Capn. Han, the Falcon, Dash and the Outrider to Bespin ASAP. They should be enough to hold the system, but the other starships can help if necessary.

Once you flip your objective, the fun begins. Get Lift Tubes out to your sites w/ Lift Tube Escape, or bring them back to track a 6 destiny. With the Lift Tubes out and with LFE in your hand, you’ll have an easy enough time reacting to and from battles on CC. Use Bacta Tank to your advantage if you’re battling, and make sure that you control each site with an alien. Also, don’t forget that while you control Bespin, opponents characters and vehicles are deploy +1 to Cloud City. Use this in conjunction with Goo Nee Tay to keep beatdowns from occuring.

Now that the Obj. is flipped, you want Pucumir Thryss out ASAP, if he’s not out already. He’s now immune to attrition less than 4, so use that in conjunction with Put That Down to keep him alive and adding to your force drains. Also, spread out your aliens, since Thryss’ bonus can’t be modified if you control with an alien.

Once ground and space has been solidified, get Celebration going. That should go a long way towards helping you retrieve any force you lost getting this all set up. Honor of the Jedi is also important as a defensive tool while setting up. When Bespin and a site is secure, deploy Battle Plan. Make them pay for their force drains. With the drains on Bespin, the retrieval and the generation you can achieve, this deck should be able to take on the best the dark side can throw at you.

Card Explainations:

Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter- This can be a strong starship, if use correctly. The biggest use this will have is with BoShek as a pilot. Use them at Bespin: Cloud City for 7 power, a destiny draw and immunity to attrition less than 4. (w/ flipped objective)

Capitol Support- In place of I’m On the Leader. I dont have IOTL right now, so this is in there temporarily. Mostly to replace another Admirals Order on the table which may be giving you trouble. Destiny 6 doesnt hurt, either.

Lift Tubes/Lift Tube Escapes- Since there’s only going to be 4 sites down, Lift Tubes can move your characters around quite easily. They provide easy support (and a way out, if necessary) to your characters on the other side of Cloud City. The Lift Tube Escapes can be used for reacting away, pulling Lift Tubes from your reserve deck, and putting them back (destiny 6) if you dont need them. Also use them to help your differential in a close game.

Put That Down- Protection for your lesser ability characters. If he sends Vader with Lightsaber as a hitman against Thryss, cancel his targeting then attrition him. So much for hit squads.

Do or Do Not/Wise Advice- React safeguarding. Make them pay if they dont want you reacting away from battle. Get this out early.

OOC/TT- Cancel a hologram, like Visage. Also, if they lose several good cards in a row, place them out of play. A trackable 5 doesnt hurt either.

Yoxgit- Deploys free, is power 3 ability 2, and immune less than 4 if flipped. Not too shabby.

Red Squadron 1- Usually I use Wedge, RSL on the ground but this is in there just in case...

Son Of Skywalker: Deploys to Cloud City. Use to get Anakin’s Saber out. If you really feel the need, (or if opponent is playing BHBM) you can replace w/ Rebel Scout.

Menace Fades and Battle Plan- You have to control a battleground system and a battleground site to make all this work, right? Why stop/hinder their drains as an added bonus?

-Matchups-

ROps: Not too hard. Will, for the most part, be non-combative. If they focus on flipping their objective, they’ll have devoted too much resources to Raltiir to be any threat to you on CC. Once they do flip, if you’ve got an alien at each site, your force drains can’t be modified. Insurrection keeps Elis Helrot at bay, since 3 out of 4 sites are interior. Space you should own, since ROps decks usually dont have a TON of space decks, you should be able to at least hold the Bespin system. Use Menace Fades to keep their drains at a minimum at Raltiir and use Battle Plan to make them pay. (Their Raltiir isn’t a battleground system, remember?) Drain, retrieve, and battle when necessary.

HDADTJ: Use Honor to make Visage hurt them. If they decide to sit at some docking bay somewhere, just let Honor block the Visage damage, then set up like normal. If Vader comes to CC, use some of your beefier characters (except luke and obi) to beat him back. Lando, Lobot and Chewbacca would work well. Especially if you can Put That Down Vader.(2 battle destiny, shoot tarkin, power 11, subtract 2 from their power) Once Vader’s learned his lesson, it’s business as usual. Honor to block Visage damage, Drain, retrieve, and whoop up on Vader when necessary.

BHBM: This one’s a little tougher. Most BHBM decks give you little activation, so you’re on your own. Get Luke out, and give Vader the runaround on Cloud City with Lift Tubes. That should keep him out of your hair long enough to either kill him or get a hit squad to hold the throne room. But don’t let it sidetrack you too much. Be more careful about where you deploy, because you dont want to lose too many battles. Put That Down would help against hit squads.

SYCFA/TIEs: This is where you need to replace Capitol Support with I’m On the Leader. If you have I’m On the Leader, play it and set up like normal. They wont be able to touch you at Bespin or CC. Usually these decks have little ground support, so dont worry too much. Menace Fades will handle their drains, IOTL will make their TIEs useless, and you’ll be out draining them by quite a bit. If they’re just playing SYCFA, dont worry too much. They can’t target Bespin, due to their objective, so just set up and drain/retrieve them to death.

TDIGWATT: This will be your hardest matchup. You’ll be in direct conflict over Cloud City. Make sure to keep their Lando off the table, and keep yours on. Cancel Dark Deal ASAP, and hold the Bespin system. If you can do that, you’ll be able to eventually get Celebration out and keep Occuption from hitting the table. Once Celebration is out, use Lift Tubes to move around so that you still occupy, but cant get battled, and retrieve any characters you need again from your lost pile and then battle them down until they’re dead.

CCT: Use the Celebration/Lift Tube strategy above. Release any captives while they transport them. Keep their objective from being flipped. Dont let any of your characters get Carbon Frozen.

Court/Scum: Not too tough. Keep them from capturing you by using the Celebration/Lift Tube combination until you can amass enough characters to drive them off CC. Dont fear their independant starships. You can hold them off. If they just decide to sit on tatooine, and make you lose the 1 force via their Objective (Court), use Honor to block it. DO NOT GO TO TATOOINE. Play your own deck, not theirs. Use retrieval to cancel out whatever force drains they have, and the make your own force drains. If they spread out extremely thin, send a single hit squad. Overall, keep your same strategy. Retrieve, drain, battle to hold.

Thats about it. (Took long enough, didn’t it?) I think this deck has the potential to go far. I’m going to be using it in a tournament soon, so any helpful pointers or tips you can give me would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.  