---
layout: archive
author: ! Patrick "Pappy" Napier
title: ! "Desert Landing Site Mains - Marilyn Maul and the Spooky Kids"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-13
description: ! "A soild Dark Side mains deck that went undefeated at the last local tournament I attended."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING ( 3 ) 


Tatooine  Desert Landing Site 

Tatooine  Jabbas Palace 

Combat Readiness 


LOCATIONS ( 2 ) 


Jabbas Palace  Audience Chamber

Jabbas Palace  Lower Passages 


CHARACTERS ( 21 ) 


2 x Darth Maul 

Darth Maul, Young Apprentice 

Darth Vader 

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 

Emperor Palpatine

Grand Moff Tarkin

Janus Greejatus 

Lord Vader 

2 x Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand 

Sim Aloo 

Aurra Sing 

Dengar With Blaster Carbine 

Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 

Gailid 

Mighty Jabba 

Prince Xizor 

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 

Guri 

IG-88 With Riot Gun


WEAPONS ( 3 ) 


Darth Vaders Lightsaber 

Mara Jades Lightsaber 

Mauls Lightsaber 


DEVICES ( 1 ) 


Restraining Bolt 


PODRACER ( 1 ) 


Sebulba’s Podracer 


EFFECTS ( 6 ) 


Bad Feeling Have I 

Blast Door Controls 

First Strike 

Presence Of The Force 

Secret Plans

You Cannot Hide Forever 


INTERRUPTS ( 23 ) 


2 x Alter & Collateral Damage 

Elis Helrot 

Force Lightning 

I Have You Now 

3 x Imperial Barrier 

Masterful Move & Endor Occupation 

Maul Strikes 

Ommni Box & Its Worse 

Podracer Collision 

3 x Sense 

Sniper & Dark Strike 

The Circle Is Now Complete 

3 x Twilek Advisor 

Vaders Obsession

Weapon Levitation 

You Are Beaten 



'

Strategy: '

FIRST, A DISCLAIMER  This deck is not running space because Light Side space decks are relatively rare in my local area.  That would be changed out for larger events.  The most popluar decks in my area right now are RST ( with or without racing ) Profit ( with or without racing ) and QMC.  This deck also beat an EBO deck at a recent local, so even in risky games it still has the potential to win. 

I also wanted to keep card slots free for loads of high destiny cards to help in weapon and battle destinies, non-Epic Dueling and in Podracing. 


EARLY GAME 


Start with the Desert Landing Site and use Combat Readiness to pull Tatooine  Jabbas Palace.  This will allow you to pull the rest of the sites out of the deck by turn two and activate 9 Force on your own.  Sebulbas Podracer pulls up to the starting line if they are foolish enough to Podrace.  


MID GAME 


Deploy key characters to Jabbas Palace to set up a decent drain.  Then Use remaining characters to go to your opponent and battle.  Remember, deploy smart, battle smart, and don’t get yourself killed.  Elis can be key at this point to move a mighty squad of the Spooky Kids to battle at lightly defended locations.  


LATE GAME 


Clear out their locations and keep your locations free of any meddling Light Side interference, and drain their Force away. 


MATCHUPS 


Again, this deck is designed to counter local strategies.  


PROFIT  Deploy Mara Jade and Prince Xizor to their Audience Chamber, then promptly convert it.  Play Bad Feeling Have I and Imperial Barrier to slow down their deployment to save poor little Han Solo.  You will kill them before they kill you.


QMC  Set up your Force activation qiuclky and go to them.  Sense their evasive interrupts, spread out on Cloud City so there is no where to run, and you will eventually kill them.


RST  Same as against QMC, but deploy strong to the bunker to keep them from flipping, and use surgical strike teams to chase down their scouts on Endor.  Your drains will usually go uncontested.  


If any decks are Podracing, the destinies in this deck will usually win you the race.  So far this deck wins the race at least two out of three times.  


Again, this deck does not have any cards for space because space based decks are not used very often in my local tournament scene.  I would like some feedback on how to make this deck better for the upcoming Tacticon events.  Your help is greatly appreciated.  







'