---
layout: archive
author: ! Brian "Spick" Spicklemire
title: ! "Brian’s Rebel Strike Team"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-24
description: ! "With this deck you can easily blow the Bunker and get massive force drains."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

' 
Starting7

RST/GD

Endor

Endor Rebel Landing site

Heading for the Medical Frigate

The Sheild is down

Insurrection

Strike Planning


Characters19

Luke Skywalker,RS x2

Qui-Gon

General Solo

Chewie of Kashyyyk

Obi with Stick

Gen. Crix Madine

Bouush

Orrimarko

Lieutenant Page

Lieutenant Greeve

Corp. Beezer

Corp. Junkin

KFC

Corran Horn

Figrin D’an

Admiral Ackbar

Twas Khaa


Sites 6

Endor Bunker

Endor Back Door

Endor Landing Platform

Endor Hidden Forest Trail

 Forest

Home One War Room


Weapons/Devices8

Explosive Charge x3

Qui-Gon’s Stick

Jedi Lightsaber

Han’s Heavy Blaster Pistol

Portable Scanner

Merc. Armor


Interrupts14

Clash of Sabers

Put That Down

Rebel Barrier

It Could Be Worse x2

Insertion Planning x2

Return Of a Jedi

Throw me another Charge

Sorry About the Mess & Blaster Pro.

OOC & TT

Smoke Screen 

Don’t Get @#$%y

Luke’s Back


Effects 4

Revolution

Bacta Tank

Lightsaber Pro.

Traffic Control


Epic Events/Podracers2

Deactivate The Sheild Generator

Anakin’s Pod.


'

Strategy: '

First Turn Use The Sheild is down to get out Back Door, Insurrection to get out landing platform, My objective to get out Bunker, and Strike Planning to get out Solo and Madine. If my opponent is Podraceing,(it’s very popular in my Meta) I get out Anankin’s Pod. Next turn i generate 11 force for myself. I use it to deploy Solo and Madine to endorRLS for a total of 5. I then Use madine to get my rebel scouts such as


COK Power 6, can cancel a battle destiny if with han, a no-brainer. Deploys for 3 to RLS


BeezerLets me get out portable scanner which lets me get out my explosive charges.Deploys for 1 to RLS


Junkin Adds 1 to my Epic event Depploys for 1 To RLS


Delevar prevents my characters foreit from being reduced. Deploys free to RLS.


After i blow the bunker, I beat-down and force drain on Endor.  '