---
layout: archive
author: ! Jason " X" Comstock
title: ! "Hunt Down - Podracing v5 1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-21
description: ! "A basic Hunt Down podracing deck with a little anti-QMC tech."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

' 
    number card


Places 

         1 Executor Holotheatre  

         1 Executor MeditationChamber  

         1 Tatooine Cantina  

         1 Tatooine Podrace Arena  


Peaople

         1 Aurra Sing  

         1 Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba  

         2 Mara Jade, TEH  

         1 Prince Xizor  

         1 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  

         1 U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)  

         1 Darth Vader With Lightsaber  

         1 Darth Vader  

         3 Darth Vader, DLOTS 

         1 Grand Moff Tarkin  

         2 Darth Maul  


Interrupts

         1 Evader & Monnok 

         1 Force Field  

         1 Omni Box & It’s Worse 

         2 Podracer Collision  

         1 Sense & UITF

         2 Weapon Levitation  

         1 Counter Assault 

         2 Focused Attack  

         2 I Have You Now 

         1 Sniper & Dark Strike  

         1 The Circle Is Now Complete 

         1 Vader’s Obsession  

         1 You Are Beaten  

         1 Start Your Engines  

         2 Twi’lek Advisor  

         1 Endor Occupation  


Effects        

         1 Battle Order  

         1 Crush The Rebellion  

         1 First Strike  

         1 Reactor Terminal 

         1 Secret Plans  

         3 Visage Of The Emperor  

         2 Visage Of The Emperor  

         1 Watto’s Box  

         1 There’ll Be Hell To Pay    


Weapons & Etc

         1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber  

         1 Maul’s Lightsaber  

         2 Vader’s Lightsaber  

         1 Sebulba’s Podracer  


Epic Events & Etc        

         1 Boonta Eve Podrace 

         1 Epic Duel  

         1 Hunt Down OBJ '

Strategy: '

-----

UPDATE


The reason for the Visage division is because one line are foil.  There are 5 Visages in this deck, cut down from a previous 7.

------




Well Im sure you know how a basic Hunt Down Podracing deck works, but if you dont go look at my first HD Podracing deck (my only other DS deck) on my member page.


Card Selection

In case you havent noticed yet, Endor Occupation is my anti-QMC.  It cancels it outright with no need for any space package.  Play it right before you win the podrace to ensure that it doesnt come back through retrieval.  If the LS does somehow get it back, it is a Used Interrupt after all, use it again. And if they arent playing QMC, perhaps they will be playing RST (Popular around here) In which you can just use the card to activate force.  


Most of the characters are able to draw destiny by themselfs.  The two Dark Jedi have a few good things going for them, I Have You Now, Weapon Levitation and Force Field.  Among others.


I dont use Emperor because I dont have him, or else I would. I dont use Lord Vader for the same reason either. I would definatley switch out a LV for a DV or a DV with Saber.  I will add in that new grabber from Coruscant when it comes out, but 2 TBHTP is really bad on the destiny.


If Honor is big in your area and you dont think you can get 3 battlegrounds, switch something out for a No Escape (can you believe I dont have one of them either??, god I need a job)


Vs. Section 


(In all these situations, Visage is your friend.)


QMC GO to CC. Devote all characters to the floating city, alot of QMC decks will have trouble with this once First Strike is on the table, and/or you grab their Path. Your battling power in this deck is strong. Use Crush to limit them. I’ve had pretty good luck in defeating QMC with this.


RST For god sakes DO NOT start Watto’s Box if they are podracing.  This is ussually suicide, if your playing against a player ranked over 1550.

Again, go to them in numbers if you can.  Try to put maul in front of his low ability scouts to make those Charges go missing for awhile.  If you can avoid the bunker blowing or at least make him lose enuff resources and to your FD’s then you should be alright.  This is a hard matchup if its podracing.


EBOX  Again, take it to the opponent. I dont see this played often (at all) but if you do add a Imperial Decree.  Try to cancel EBO, which shouldnt be too hard because most LS players dont pack much ground support.  With all those nice FD’s you should be allright.


MWYHL I dont see it, so I dont prepare for it. But there are still some things you can do.

Use the Omni Box combo to shuffle thier deck, to throw off tracked destinies.  The other part of that combo card is also usefull when they are trying to evade Visage damage.  Speed race and they have a good chance at losing something vital to thier strategy.  Get to the cantina and arena to drain. 

If a good version is in your area, play Broken Concentration, Much Anger In Him (Cool card when used right) Search And Destroy would hurt him alot too.


WYS Depends what kind it is I guess, and the player behind it.  Get to thier cantina (with backup) and convert it when possible.  WYS can hardly choke a HD deck, unless using Revos, of course.  Grab thier most annoying interrupt to avoid the possible double use of it.  Add a Main Course Foil if this is popular in your area. )


I cant think of any other good decktype right now.

Profit? yeah right, can we say Mara and Dr. E/Bubba via them, with Vader or Maul showing up as backup first turn?



Afterthoughts

As always change the deck to add your own flavor.

This is a Solid deck for me.  Constructive Reviews always welcomed.

Thanks.


'