---
layout: archive
author: ! Bert "MisterFett" Claessen
title: ! "Death Star EPP Assault "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-03
description: ! "Set your course activation with EPP tech."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)

SYCFA

Death Star

Death Star Docking Bay 327

Alderaan

Prepared Defenses

Crush The Rebellion

Battle Order/First Strike

YCHForever/Mobilisation Points


Characters (17)

Vader with Saber x4

Maul with Saber x4

Emperor Palpetine x3

Janus Greejatus

Mara Jade, TEH x2

Dr E and Ponda Baba

P-59

P-60

Grand Admiral Thrawn


Locations (3)

Death Star War Room

Dagobah Cave

Rendili


Weapon (1)

Mara’s Saber


Starships (5)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2

Bossk in Hounds Tooth x2

Chimaera


Effects (6)

Blast Door Controls

Allegations of Corruption

Bad Feeling Have I

The Phantom Menace

Presence of the Force

Come Here You Big Coward


Interrupts (20)

Kintan Strider x4

Force Lightning x2

Evader/Monnok

I Have You Now x3

You Are Beaten x3

Masterful Move x2

Sense x3

Shut Him Up or shut Him Down '

Strategy: '

PLEASE DONT SAY IT HAS NOT SEEN TOURNAMENT PLAY, BECAUSE I KNOW. READ BEFORE REVIEWING.


This deck hasn’t seen any tournament play yet, but will be, as the EPP Maul rocks.


The idea is simple, you activate by the second turn about 7 force from yourself, not counting any other. This is enough to play either Vader or Maul with Saber and beat them down. Use I Have You Now for extra fun.


The first few turns should be getting an armada ready, pulling I Have You Now. Pull Rendili if neccesary, and prepare for the fun. Deploy a sabered guy, perhaps even Dr E/Ponda baba with them, and start the fun. Clash one opponent, saber/operate a second and draw destiny to kill the third. And next turn the next one comes for a visit...


This deck has some weaknesses. Versus space, use the BH hit squad, while occupying a system.

Mara, Palpy and Janus are there for the drain.

Always Sense the OOC, because it can hurt. Save your senses for them. 


Some card explanations

Kintan Strider regenerate lost characters, like a maul or vader, when opponent loses a character. This will happen often, so this card rocks.


Janus destiny recycle, force drain +1 for the kill. Nuff said.


Mara Either Beatdown or drain, whatever you like.


E/M Scan hand when neccesary, remove doubles versus swarm. '