---
layout: archive
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "Capital Support For Echo Base"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-08
description: ! "Here’s a good ol’ EBO deck with capitals, who are invulnernable to stupid SFS Lasers BOO"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)

Power Generators

North Ridge

Signal

A New Secret Base


Locations (7)

Echo Commander Center

Echo Docking Bay

Echo Corridor

Hoth

Mon Calamari

Sullust

Chandrilla


Characters (16)

Orrimaarko (the MAN)

Obi-Wan with Stick x2

Wedge, RSL

Red Leader

Dutch

Dash Rendar

Major Haash’n

Commander Luke

Zev

Hobbie

Boussh

Captain Solo

Lando with Blaster

Biggs Darklighter

Corran Horn


Starships (16)

Corellian Corvette x7

Tantive IV

Spiral

Home One

Liberty

Mon Calamari Cruiser x2

Outrider

Millenium Falcon

Artoo In Red 5


Effects (12)

Echo Base Garrison

Echo Base Ops

Bacta Tank

Launching The Assault

Haven

Honor Of The Jedi

What’re You Trying To Push On Us? x2

Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice

Insurrection

Traffic Control

Capital Support <--(Admiral’s Order)


Interrupts (4)

The Signal x3

Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated '

Strategy: '

---->NOTE  I don’t have Independence / Defiance / First Officer Threeanspi so substitute each of them for a Corvette<----


Here’s an EBO deck that avoids the weaknesses of old fashioned EBO decks.  They’re easily whacked by SFS cannons  Well, with capitals, you don’t have that problem  All the bonuses are the same, except for EBOX retrieval, but that’s a minor downfall for a help in a huge weakness.  Capitals have massive forfeit, so you’ll only lose cards to a heavy ground deck.


This deck is basically a regular EBO deck, like I said, with caps that avoid SFS I hate that card.


Why this card?


Mon Calamari  If you have a star cruiser there, then their Star Destroyers can’t deploy there  There goes Chimaera  Also, your cruisers are deploy -1 there (-2 with EBO out, -3 with Ackbar there)  So, cheap cruisers w/ no beatdown potential.  Awesome.


Chandrilla  Force generation is +2 there with a capital there.  Rock on.  You have tons of activation here, so it’s not a big bonus, but it helps more often than not.


Orimaarko  Excellent beatdown card.  They lose 2 force when you beatdown their imperial?  Awesome.  4/4 characters aren’t too shabby.


Red Leader/Dutch/Biggs  2/2 characters with 5 forfeit, 7 when Insurrection is out.  Very very good with Bacta Tank.


Boussh  Why not DOS or Leia w/ Rifle?  I think cancelling big drains is better than a once-a-game beatdown.  I have 2 Obi w/ Sabers in there, so they can do the beatdowns (and Lando, Corran, etc etc etc)


Corvettes  Low, low, LOW deploy, high power, EXCELLENT forfeit.  Immune to attrition <4 when capital support is out and a pilot is on them.


Starfighters  Ok, it’s not ALL caps, but these ships rock just too much to leave out.


Launching The Assault  The most underused effect in the game.  May take Home One into hand?  rock on.  my drains are +1 at systems w/ a cruiser piloted by a character???  MORE drains from EBO  That means at 4 systems, you can have 16 drains a turn


Haven  I like this card.  Deploy on Hoth or Sullust when you’re about to smash puny TIEs or SDs out of the sky.  Lets see... ships deploy -2 (-4 with Ackbar and EBO out. wow)  So, corvettes deploy free there  Ouch time for imps.


Do Or Do Not combo  use your grabbers for cheap  I’m thinking about taking What’re You... out for Grappling Hooks for higher destiny.  What do you think?


Honor  Helps a lot against several decks.  No Escape stinks, so just lose it if they have it.


Insurrection  even though I don’t have tons of 2/2 pilots here, I still have 6, and with Bacta tank, it rules.  Also protects from the underused Elis Helrot.


Traffic Control  You don’t need many cards in your hand after you have things going.  Recycle good destinies.


Capital Support  obvious choice.  pilots deploy -1 to ships, -2 is Ackbar.  So, Ackbar deploys free to Home One, which is pulled from Reserve with Launching The Assault?  Sweet.  Can be pulled with Ackbar too.


Major Haash’n  cancels that damned Lateral Damage.  Also, can be pulled with Ackbar.


(I won’t have any matchups, since you play the same against every deck, you battle/drain to high hell in space, block cruicial ground drains, and beatdown weak characters)


Cards I want to add are


Bantha Droid  put him down at Echo Docking Bay, so Lateral Damage is cancelled at Hoth.  Can be pulled with Echo Base Garrison.


Independence/Defiance/First Officer Threanspi  I don’t have them.  (


Rock on  This deck is sweet, and underused.  I love it.  Please check out my other decks


Peace out,

-Dennis  '