---
layout: archive
author: ! Paul "Ultima 1" Merrian
title: ! "Court of the Vile Hunters"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-15
description: ! "A COTVG deck with a lot of hunters and plenty of capturing tech."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8) 

Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die 

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber 

Jabba’s Palace Dungeon 

Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon 

Prepared Defenses 

All Wrapped Up 

First Strike 

Power Of The Hutt 


Characters (21) 

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 

Aurra Sing 

Bane Malar 

Boba Fett 

Boelo 

Chall Bekan 

Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 

Ephant Mon 

Feltipern Trevagg 

Gela Yeens 

Lathe 

Guri 

IG-88 With Riot Gun 

Jabba 

Jodo Kast 

Kithaba 

Lyn Me 

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 

Prince Xizor 

Snoova 

U-3PO 


Devices (3) 

Binders x2 

Mandalorian Armor 


Effects (8) 

Bounty x3 

Hutt Bounty 

Jabba’s Influence 

Quietly Observing 

Scum And Villainy 

Tatooine Occupation 


Interrupts (5) 

Hidden Weapons x3 

Twi’lek Advisor x2 


Podracers (1)

Teemto’s Racer


Locations (4) 

Tatooine 

Tatooine Cantina 

Tatooine Docking Bay 94 

Tatooine Mos Eisley 


Starships (6) 

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 

Dengar In Punishing One 

Jabba’s Space Cruiser 

Stinger 

Virago 

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 


Weapons (4) 

Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-off Blaster 

Feltipern Trevagg’s Stun Rifle 

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 

Vibro-Ax 

'

Strategy: '

This is simply a standard bounty hunting capture deck. Use the binders either as a tracked 6 destiny or to maximize the amount of capturing you can do. The Hutt Bounty is mainly for use against Han, because if you have Boba capture him, you can retrieve his forfeit +11, a game changing retrieval for sure. The other bounties are for minor retrievals and make it easier to capture other characters. I would normally put Ephant at the Audience chamber with Jabba for his boost, but I will sometimes put him at the Dungeon to prevent the release of captives. Capture and imprison as many characters as possible. After all, it is harder for your opponent to get captives back than it is to retrieve lost cards. 


Matchups 

Profit- Put Mara and Jabba at the A.C., then pull Ephant and Mara’s saber before activating and deploy Ephant there with them. This allows you to bring a sizable defense force into play and limit your opponents chances to release Han. 

WYS- Put Gela on the ground to take advantage of his power +2 against smugglers. Try to get Mandalorian armor on him as well. This would make your opponent have to have a total destiny of 7 to hit him. 

Mains and QMC- Take the battle to your opponent then just docking bay transit back with captives. Pull the docking bay first turn. 

Space- a tough matchup. Even with all six of your ships, you probably will be unable to maintain control of Tatooine. Make the most of your ships’ abilities to do as well you possibly can. Get Mara to the Cantina ASAP in order to drain your opponent for 3 a turn. 

'