---
author: Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: Rebel Scouts: Everything you need
side: Light
date: 2001-02-28
description: This is a fun deck, that has everything, except space, even blowing away a bunker!
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Rebel Strike Team
Endor (System)
Rebel Landing Site
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Ounee Ta
Heading for the Medical Frigate

Locations:
Landing Platform
Bunker
Dense Forest
Hidden Forest Trail
Back Door

Characters:
Jedi Luke
DOS
Gen Solo
Chewie of Kashyyyk
Gen Crix Madine
Orimaarko
Wuta
Major Panno
Dresselian Commando x2
Yutani
Tycho Celchu
Kensaric
Bruckman
Cracken
Beezer
Midge
Blount
Brooks Carlson
Greeve
Junkin

Weapons:
Ani’s Stick
Luke’s Stick
Explosive Charge x2

Epic Events:
Deactivate the Shield Generator

Effects:
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Scramble
I Hope She’s All Right
What’re You Trying to Push On Us
Traffic Control

Interrupts:
Throw Me Another Charge x3
Grimtaash x4
Insertion Planning x2
Run Luke Run
Higher Ground
Smoke Screen
Rebel Leadership
Dark Approach




Strategy: 

The main focus of this deck is to stay on Endor, drain and blow away the Bunker. Use Midge at a site and put someone of  ability >2 at each site, except where Wuta is and drain for a bunch. Get the Explosive Charges and blow away the bunker. Don’t interfere with their decks, and just sit back, build up power and drain. Against all deck this is the same, except RalOps and Operatives. Against these decks, use all of your scouts and attack their planet. Ounee Ta helps them deploy for free (most of them) and makes me generate more force. You must keep their objective on the 0 side and you will win.
Hey spira this deck does have a woman-DOS! She’s a pretty good one too! 
I must blow the bunker away because otherwise they would just deploy to a Endor system, drain for one the whole game, and my objective couldn’t flip.  