---
layout: archive
author: ! Sean "einnobevoli" Weigold
title: ! "Rancor go chomp chomp"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-21
description: ! "I easily capture some poor dude, and feed him to my pets. I get some sweet force retrieval, descent drains, and nice force attacking."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Objective(1)

COTVG/ISEWYD (Starting)


Locations(9)

Tatooine

Tatooine Catina

Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm

Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon (Starting)

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber (Starting)

Jabba’s Palace Rancor Pit 

Jabba’s Palace Dungeon (Starting)

Spaceport Docking Bay


Creatures(2)

Rancor

Sarlacc


Effects(8)

Scum and Villany (Starting)

Jabba’s Influence

All Wrapped Up (Alternative Start)

Reactor Terminal

Hutt Bounty

Bounty x 3


Droids(2)

4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

IG-88 with Riot Gun


Aliens(13)

Lyn Me

Boba Fett (CC)

Jabba the Hutt

Gailid

Djas Puhr

Bane Malar

Jodo Kast

Ephant Mon

Ree-Yees

Dengar with Blaster Carbine

Chall Bekan

Bossk with Mortar Gun

Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand


Devices(2)

Binders

Mandalorian Armor


Weapons(5)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Thermal Detonator

Feltipern Trevagg’s Stun Rifle

Boba Fett’s Blaster Rifle

Dengar’s Modified Riot Gun


Interrupts(13)

Trap Door x 3

Hidden Weapons x 3

Twi’lek Advisor x 2 (Starting)

None Shall Pass

Sniper

Elis Helrot

Res Luk Ra’auf

Hutt Smooch


Vehicles(1)

Jabba’s Sail Barge


Spaceships(4)

IG-2000

Hound’s Tooth

Jabba’s Space Cruiser

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

'

Strategy: '

Basically I hope my @#$% off that someone is stupid enough to try and occupy a Tatooine site. If they do, out pops Boba fett. Hidden Weapons with my avg destiny is so kickass. Ive capture everything with this deck, from Obi-wan to Han to Rebel Troopers. Hutt Bounty and Bounty are nice for retrieval, and Rancor and Sarlacc are just fun as hell. Usually I start Scum and Villany, but if I see motion that they are starting on Tatooine I might use All Wrapped up. First turn, I usualy pull Jabba from reserve with AC game text, but if I have some nice chars in my hand already I might go with Chall Bekan or Lyn Me. I threw the ships in there just for the hell of things. I will probably neve use them, but if I’m having my @#$% force drained off in space, they buy me a couple of turns. Anyway go ahead and review, just dont ask me to put in post-endor stuff becuz I quit this game after Endor came out. '