---
layout: archive
author: ! Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: ! "insert title here"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-23
description: ! "sweet e-ops in a imperial command HD type of style....i guess."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starters(8)

endor operations/ive never read this side of the obj

endor

endorbunker

endord/b

IAO

mob. points

power of the hut


locations(5)

X d/b

d2d/b

sullust

kashyyyk

rendili


characters(15)

lord vader

commander merrejk x2

admiral piett

grand admiral thrawn x2

admiral chiraneau x2

ephant mon

u-3po x2

arica x2

captain godhert

captain sarkli(or commander igar, but i just traded mine)


starships(10)

dominator x2(coolest ship ever)

devastator x2

chimaerra x2

executor

thunderflare(or avenger or another good isd u want to use)

dengar in P1

zuckuss in MH


interrupts(14)

twilek advisor x3

imperial command x5

ghhhk&those rebels wont escape us x2

imperil barrier x2

control&set for stun x2


effects(6)

oppresive enforcment

lateral damage

POTF x2

secret plans

ominous rumors


AO(2)

were in attack position now x2


'

Strategy: '

***update***

add prepared defences to the starters

wow, i go away from decktech for a week and i come back and my old decks up here at #2.  so anywase, if u think this ones good, go look at ÍMPË®ÏÅL ÇÖMMÁÑD¿ on my page, its a updated version(not tatoonie updated), its better than this.

***end update***

reasons for a few cards

were in attack position now cheaper deploy to caps and to bump their AO and to give a bit of immunity


ominous rumors not really needed, just in cause i like the picture and u can pull it out for force loss P


POTF a bit higher drains and activation


oppresive enforcment 3 destiny higher than the combo, and my caps are destiny +1 where as they are not with the combo, so this card is just in oppose to combo to raise my destinies


ghhhk&TRWEUcancel hyper escape, can leave a system vunerable with just 1 ship and drain, and mabey can put a scrub at the endor d/b for an extra +2 drain, i ususally just do ephant mon at bunker


control&SFSthe rest of my sac protect, bump dash or cappy into their hand and beat whatever is left down(SFS), and cancel a big drain


3 twileks 1 twilek would be my first card i would take out, but getting my effects out fast and recycling 5’s never hurts


dengar and zuckuss in shipscancel their immunity and make them need big ability to draw


chimearra, devastator, and dominator for my ISD’s cause i feel they are the best 3


rendiliearly activation cause this might have a slow start if they choke u, also retrieve dominators


captain godhert cancel landing claw, landing claw could hurt this deck bad


sarkli i would play igar cause u could pull him with piett, but i dont have him right now and sarkli works fine for a activating scrub at a d/b


ephant mon to sit at bunker and increase my drains


2 u-3po’s and aricas cause this isnt a tie deck where i can cancel drains with dreaded imperial starfleet, i need to get one of them fast so i play 2 of each oppose to 1 of each


getting systems outIC(imperial command) pulls piett, piet pulls merrejk, merrejk puls systems


1 lord vaderi have several lord  vaders, but i decided i would only need 1 because he would only be used in capping luke aggainst tigih, after that i would send them to space.  if yur not playing tigih, drop him with a scrub to endor d/b if u have a ghhhk in hand just in case


power of the hut get ephant mon to bunker.  i didnt have to much else i needed to start and this way i get a character to endor fast and the cant beat him up with spies, only when tatoonie comes out they can get him with jar jar, but alls u do is barrier him(dont work great but hey), or just play ghhhk.  it work as well when tatoonie comes out but it will still work i think, unless u play against a jar jar deck P



strategy

1st turn before u activate take rendili; and take a admiral piett if u got a command and i think u will; activate; deploy rendili; deploy executor docking bay; deploy piett there; take ominous rumors and while yur looking through see what AO and commanders r in there; take commander merrejk if he was in when u looked; deploy him to endor docking bay if u have a ghhhk, d*2 d/b if u got it in hand, or Xd/b if neither of those; deploy a system from reserve deck.  that can all be accomplished if opponent didnt give u any force, 0, and if a couple of those cards werent in the 5 force u activated.  that is a very probable starting, works almost every time unless a terrible misfortune occurs.  and if the opponent happened to give u 2 force or more, deploy ominous rumors on endor.  after thats all set up, deploy yur other system and other d/b next turn, along with ephant mon to bunker; after that draw the remaining force(unless ita a huge pile, then try to deploy somthin).  make sure u ahve piett at x d/b(until u get X out), and a scrub or merrejk at d*2 d/b for yur activation.  yur next turns start controlling space, deploy a ISD along with a admiral to 1 or 2 of yur 3 good systems(not rendili).  then deploy executor when u get it, along with any bounty hunter ships to the other(dont forget to move piett to space).  if all worked out, which it will ina 3-5 turns, u have a massive drain set up.  but u dont even have to drop a ISD to each system, cause thats pretty hard to do.  just take control of kashyyyk or sullust with a couple ISD’s with admirals, and spread out when u can.  even drains of 6 or so at 1 system will hurt them(+2 ominous, 2 force icons, +1 chirineau, 1 for presance of the force).  this deck has so much power, it can usually out power light side space.  most mains decks only play a couple captain hans and a couple dashes with ships, and mabey home 1 and wedge and ship, and when u limit them to 1 dest, or give yurself a few, plus ur huge power, they will get beat down.  this deck works pretty good, and u usually stick to ur main strategy except for a few decks so i dont think i need a matchups section, any ?’s, dmail me. 

                 thanx for reading, spirajira.   '