---
layout: archive
author: ! Andrew "MasterYoda13" Howard
title: ! "Rescuing the Princess CAN Happen"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-28
description: ! "This is a quasi-standard RTP deck that utilizes all the tech that makes RTP work.  My first submission so please give me some ideas on how to improve the deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)

Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself

Death Star Detention Block Corridor 

Death Star Docking Bay 327

Yavin 4 Docking Bay 

Yavin 4 Massassi War Room 

Prisoner 2187 

Heading For The Medical Frigate

Insurrection 

Staging Areas 

Strike Planning 


Vehicles (4)

Rogue 2 

Rogue 3 

Lift Tube  x2


Starships (2)

Home One 

Millennium Falcon 


Characters (18)

Lando With Vibro-Ax 

Tawss Khaa 

8D8  x2

WED-9-M1 ’Bantha’ Droid 

Admiral Ackbar 

Chewbacca, Protector 

Commander Wedge Antilles 

Corporal Beezer 

General Crix Madine 

Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2

Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout  x2

Obi-Wan Kenobi 

Orrimaarko 

Zev Senesca 


Weapons (3)

Anakin’s Lightsaber 

Luke’s Lightsaber 

Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber 


Devices (1)

Mercenary Armor 


Effects (5)

Bacta Tank 

Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 

Echo Base Garrison 

Death Star Plans  x2


Interrupts (16)

Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated 

Control & Tunnel Vision  x3

Double Agent 

Gift Of The Mentor  

The Signal  x2

Fallen Portal  x2

It Could Be Worse  x4

Rebel Barrier  x2


Locations(2)

Home One Docking Bay 

Tatooine Docking Bay 94 

'

Strategy: '

Update#1 Horn Yes there are 1 too many cards, should only be Han w/ Heavy Blaster x1. I would like to use Ben Kenobi, however i havent gotten one yeat, so when i do ill add it. As for the tycho/horn/wedge rsl tech, i dont use that because i can pull commander wedge with egb, and when he and zev are in their speeders they can hold the docking bays.  I dont really think the junkin/concussion tech will fit in the deck, but it is a possibility


This is my first submission to DeckTech, so my strategy will be brief and i will elaborate on it later.

  Use Strike Planning to pull Crix before you draw your hand.  Then on your turn pull the HODB using Insurrection and put crix down there for generation.  Use the signal to get out EBG and use that to get out 8D8, Bacta Tank, Wedge, and Zev.  You can also use it to pull the bantha droid if HO or falcon gets Lat damaged.  Use 8D8, lift tubes/speeders, to free leia.  

   Free the princess during your control phase so you retrieve 4, then drain for 4.  Use Crix to pull Beezer and send her to the War Room.  Once Beezer and leia are together use Beezer to pull the Merc Armor and deploy on leia. From there get your sabers setup and get massive drains going on the DS and Yavin 4.  If they come to you, just get a beat down squad together and add destinies like crazy.

   Remember, they lose immunity and their characters, vehicles and starships lost are placed out of play if they are unique.  THAT IS BROKE.

   Use Insurrection to pull TatDB and stick Lando w/Axe there and transit over Crix.  They can hold there own on Tat and draw 2 destinies.   '