---
layout: archive
author: ! Martin "MylordMartin" Falke
title: ! "MylordMartin  Is That Legal"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-01
description: ! "Good Deck against everything. Kills Mains, Numbers, Swarms and Cheese."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 5 (+2)

MylordMartin, is that legal?

Senat

Maul`s Hut

Prepared Def.

Imp. Arr. Ord./Secret Plans






Locations 5

DS2 DB

Mos Espa DB

DS2 Throne Room (Imm. to Rev.)

Kashyyyk

3rd Marker


Characters 22

Lott Dod (x2)

Tikkes (x2)

Orn Free Taa

Passel Argente

Yeb Yeb Adem´thorn

Aks Moe

Toonbuck Toora

Edcel Bar Gane

Emp. Palpatine (x2)

Darth Maul (x3)

Vader with Saber (x2)

Arica

Prince Xizor

Janus Greejatus

Dr. E/Ponda Baba

Rune Haako


Ships 4

Zuckuss in MH

Bobafett in S1

Maul`s Ship

Ig88 in Ship


Effects 12

- This is Outrageous

- Our Blockade is perferfectly legal

- Accepting Trade Federation Control

- Motion Supported

Wipe them out (start against race)

First Strike

Security Precautions

You cannot hide forever (start,if you expect numbers)

The Phantom Menace (start against Light Senat)

Allergations of Corruption (start against Dagobah)

TINT / OE (start, if you expect SAC)

Ability, A., A.


Interrupts 12

No Civility, Only Politics

Squabbling Delegates (x3)

Force Lightning

Evader/Monnok

The Point is Concceded

They`re still Coming through

You Overestimate their chances

Projective Telepathy

Force Field

I have you now '

Strategy: '

***update1*** to all German friends

”Die Partei, die Partei, die hat im- mer Recht...”

***end update***


***update2*** to Stimmed Jim

I think IAO/SP is better than the episode1 effect because you have a nabrun protection and cheese decks have to pay for retrieving (Profit racing was very popular at continentals).

I could not find space for Sim Aloo (so he`s the 71th card).

And yes, I thought about Kedar, but the Haako Combo should be enough to beat light side senators and Arica can be deployed with profit objective.


AND   ”Accepting trade federation control”

is the best effect ever You Maul is invinceble Force Field and Immune <8

Don`t forget that Light Side draws only ONE battle destiny at sites. Also very useful for Boba in Space and the tripler card. Using a senator with this effect let the opponent loose nine cards more


***end update***



First of all, yes, this deck looses all races.

Against race, deploy to senat and retrieve the force you lost with Squabbl. Delegates.

If your game is non interactiv, use your Objective (2 cards in used pile for 3 force) every turn. Sometimes you get the ”I did it”...


Against Mains, drain in space for four, against space decks, do the same at the 3rd Marker. Against Dagobah or Profit cheese search for Projective Telepathy and A.,A.,A.


Lott Dod is the key to win your games. Search for the cards you need and you will always be prepared.

Force Field and You overestimate their chances kills the hit and run strategy. For example against profit deploy ALL characters (not senators...) to the chamber and wait for him. With a power of 20 or more, tripling the battle damage should finish the game (And don`t forget the political effects +3 to your destiny, -3 for opponents destiny)


Some matchups


Hidden Base

Sec. Prec., Maul in Space, Cancel Kessel Drain and probe. Janus and Empy at 3rd Marker.


Profit (race or non-race)

Deploy two aliens. Flip, deploy to chamber, search for FF and YUTC and drain him in space. Cancel Anger Fear Aggression and deploy AAA and skip the activation phase. Drain him at Kasshyyk.


Dagobah

same as profit, but takes more time because of the first test.


Light Senat

Beat him out of the Senat

Deploy Rune Haako with Phantom Menace to senat, grabble Might of the republic and check opponents destiny with Yeb Yeb in your weapon phase.

With First Strike and Haako you are retrieving two Force each battle.


WYS

Take your time. (This was my fault when I played against Bastian at Continentals)

Cancel the Kessel Drain and limit his battle destinies at sites. Maul is a beast in this game and space is the key for winning.

Remenber you have unlimited Senators for huge drains and your opponent has only 3 (6 with WYS) Control/tunnel vision.



Some nice card for a seventy cards deck...


61. + 62. Thrawn + Chimaera

63. Grabbler

64. P-59

65. Search and destroy

66. Maul Strikes

67. Control/ Set for Stun

68. 2nd Janus

69. Imp. Barrier

70. Ghhhk / TRWEU


Have fun,


Martin ”MylordMartin” Falke    '