---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "Shadow 13" French
title: ! "Nightspawn Let Them Make The First Move v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-05
description: ! "With the advent of Virtual Cards, a few important changes must be made to this popular deck...because Blaster Rack owns It’s Lightsaber Combat: try it, you’ll like it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)

Fear is my ally

Let Them Make The First Move/Then Kick Their &$$

Theed Generator Core

Theed Generator

Deep Hatred

Prep Defenses

Crush the Rebellion

Blaster Rack (V)

YCHF & Mob Points


DShields(10)

-Allegations

-Fanfare

-Secret Plans

-Resistance

-OppEnforcement

-There’s no try

-C’mere you big coward

-Do they have a cold?

-Useless Gesture

-You’ve never won a race?


Locations(3)

Imperial Holotable

Blockade Flagship Bridge

Carida


Characters(17)

Lord Maul x2

Darth Maul

Darth Maul YA

Lord Vader x2

Darth Vader DLOTS

Emperor Palpatine

Darth Sidious x2

Arica

Janus Greejatus

Grand Moff Tarkin

Stormtrooper Garrison

Boba Fett Bounty Hunter

Aurra Sing

4LOM Packin’ Heat


Starship(2)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunger

Dengar in Punishing One


Weapons(5)

Maul’s DoubleSaber x2

Vader’s Saber

Mara’s Saber

Aurra Sing’s Blaster Rifle


Interrupts(17)

Blow Parried

Ebb of Battle

Masterful Move x3

We Must Accelerate Our Plans

Alter & Collateral Damage

Imperial Barrier x2

Force Field x2

Force Lightning

I Have You Now

Maul Strikes

Vader’s Obsession

The Circle Is Now Complete

Ghhhk


Effects(7)

Quietly Observing

Qui-Gon’s End

Bad Feeling Have I

Search and Destroy

The Phantom Menace x2

Visage of the Emperor


'

Strategy: '

****Update****

Apparently some people need the space explained.  obviously i’m not saying against Hidden Base you should put Zuckuss and Dengar at Carida and pray your opponent didn’t notice.  watch your opponent, observe his deck.  most unbalanced LS decks currently only run the Falcon Combo.  Against Zuckuss and Dengar, its an even match and nobody has immunity...but i get a battle destiny draw.  that means i win the battle.  if you’re playing against some kind of space deck, hold your ships, pay to drain, save force, and drop ZiMH, DiP1, and 4-LOM, maybe even R3 Boba Fett to make sure you get a major beatdown.  It’s really not that hard with only 2 ships, you just have to ”draw creatively”.  know what’s in your deck and where, draw it when you need it.  if you go to a system, be ready for a barrier or hyper escape, and have your ghhhk in hand.  i didn’t think i needed to explain all this...by the way, IMHO Dengar is better than Bossk because he ensures that your opponents ships do actually die, plus he has lower deploy, which is an issue with this deck since it doesn’t activate much and tends to have problems against serious force choke.  just a matter of personal preference, i guess.  but i’ve always found i can get Dengar on the table faster and use him better than Bossk.

******End update*****


Pretty fun deck, really. At least, I always think Sith and Toys decks are fun, and this one has the tools to win. Get out Bad Feeling Have I for the choke hold. When they deploy a Jedi, Barrier it and put a combat card on Maul. If they try to initiate battle, use I have you now and maybe maul strikes to get the advantage, and force field to protect maul and vader. then next turn, if you can manage a sure win, go ahead and Maul Strikes a duel during the activate phase or drop a combat card and kill ’em in move phase. combating in move phase causes more force loss generally, but dueling can allow you to Finger of Death somebody with your objective and usually drain for just as much. the key here is to play this deck as though its a Mains & Toys deck, not sit around and wait on Naboo holding battle-canceling cards. once you’ve gotten enough of your guys on the ground, drop the mob points combo for Search and Destroy.


in space, try to hold Carida so you can retrieve your Garrisons and stop Battle Plan from hurting. against Menace Fades, don’t worry about their system, concentrate on taking over all their battleground sites with Boba Fett and Arica and whoever else you can scrounge up, using the sudden beatdown method.


OK, matchups 

against Profit start Mara and Boba at the Chamber but you MUST back them up with somebody or they’ll just get crushed...preferably a Sith, then pull I Have You Now right away. don’t forget to take out Ben Kenobi before you aim your weapons at Han, or he’ll just keep coming back. Do whatever it takes to keep their objective on the 0 side. i feel that this is one matchup you have to meet head on, don’t give them a chance to get started. 


against WYS hold the Cantina with whatever you can. hold your barrier, protect your Sith from the WYS-style beatdown, and heavily fortify your sites. don’t forget to use the shield against them, it helps but don’t expect it to win for you. this is another matchup you have to be aggressive in, but not as much as Profit. Watch out for Portals, if they’re strong in your area just don’t go to docking bays. i don’t pack Inconsequential Barriers because it doesn’t do much against the Patrol Craft variety of WYS.


against LSC Fun matchup. Grab their Blow Parried so they stop screwing your combat cards, and make sure to use Janus to track the 7’;s to the top everytime they get to combat you if you can’t keep combat cards on your guys. if this deck is prevalent in your area, you might wanna pack Lathe or the Omni Box Combo to throw off their tracking. definitely avoid losing 7s from your deck, you need them all.  Get Aurra with Quietly Observing on her (but not her blaster rifle) and use her to steal QuiGon’s R3 saber so you get the upper hand.


against Hidden Base/EBO hold your ships in reserve and then blast them when they try to spread out and drain. draw early against Hidden Base so the flip side doesn’t hurt you. SnD will be instrumental in this game but you have to keep kicking them off the ground. 


other than that, i guess you’re on your own. have fun, this deck is built for good times. 


Card Choices

Blaster Rack (V)? What’s the (V)?  V is for Virtual Card.  The virtual game text on Blaster Rack says ”Deploy on table. Once per deploy phase, if you just deployed a unique (*) character, you may deploy a ”matching weapon” on that character from Reserve Deck; reshuffle. (Immune to Alter.)”  That’s why i don’t play Weapon Levitation anymore.  When Maul hits the table, he brings his beatstick for added fun.  Same with Lord Vader and Arica.  This card single-handedly ensures Arica’s spot as the best version of Shannon Baksa, IMHO.  


Arica? The only thing Mara had going for her was a slight power bonus and pulling the saber...now Arica has that game text thanks to Virtual Blaster Rack.  Plus, Arica is her own Sniper, great for taking out an LSC Jedi right when you need to.  And did i mention she’s also an undercover spy for those hard to reach places?  She basically rocks.


Vader’s Obsession?  What’s not to like?  Kill Luke dead, and retrieve Force while doing it.  dangerous to play this against other Combat decks, though...hold Blow Parried so they can’t cancel your draw with Glancing Blow.  remember, duels are only cool if you win them.


Circle?  Lord Vader with his saber at the Generator is power 11 with Circle...Obi is only 8.  Jedi Obi, as long as Maul isn’t present, is 9.  This card will kill him, plain and simple.  and he won’t come back.  many times this card would have saved my keister against combat decks, so i finally put it in.


No Stunning Leader/Projective Telepathy?  yeah, this deck isn’t geared to stopping the opponent’s battles. I Have you Now and other battle cards rock, if they try to beat you down they basically can’t if you play smart.


Quietly Observing? This card is strictly for stealing QuiGon’s R3 Saber when you’re playing against LSC.  that saber owns Combat decks, so you need to take it for yourself.  If they try to play Weapon of a Fallen Mentor, well, you tried.  Hopefully they can’t find a card slot for that...you’ll have to go back to using Arica to Sniper them.


Alter & Collateral Damage?  Alter is quite obvious in this deck, its a way to remove Projection, and it also works on cards like Goo Nee Tay. Collateral Damage, plus a carefully tracked 1, can take out an EPP main any day of the week...and the Han/Chewie/Leia combo, missing just one character, waiting for you to play Force Lightning, that’s not fun for the opponent.


61st Card choices 

Omni Box & It’s Worse / Prophetess (V) / Sim Aloo

I’d add another Palpatine and Force Lightning if i had them...

Presence of the Force 

Control & Set for Stun


um, one time somebody reviewed a Combat deck i posted and said I should add Sniper.  Don’t forget that Deep Hatred prevents me from playing Sniper and You Are Beaten...



Ryan Frech 

Rebel Strike Team Founder 

http//www.decktech.net/43

SWCCG Players Committee Volunteer  '