---
author: Alex "Greedo" Tennet
title: Union Jackweed (Worlds 2nd Place)
side: Light
date: 2002-11-18
description: Conceived in the channel tunnel, born in a flat in Germany, raised in an Essen convention, and reached drinking age at the first World Finals in Virginia, USA. Narrowly missed taking the Championship for Queen and country. Prevented the all-Quebec final.
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

Frodo, Reluctant Adventurer
The One Ring, Isildur’s Bane

Adventure Deck:

{{205}{The Prancing Pony}}
{{214}{Trollshaw Forest}}
{{217}{Council Courtyard}}
{{1024}{Hollin}}
Bridge of Khazad-dum
Caras Galadhon
{{232}{Anduin Confluence}}
{{235}{Anduin Banks}}
{{241}{Slopes of Amon Hen}}


Free Peoples: 34

{{260}{Legolas, Greenleaf}}
{{193}{Sam, Son of Hamfast}}
Aragorn, Heir to the White City
{{281}{Gandalf, Friend of the Shirefolk}} x4
{{307}{Boromir, Son of Denethor}}
{{187}{Old Toby}} x4
{{183}{Longbottom Leaf}}
Frodo’s Pipe x2
Aragorn’s Pipe x2
Gandalf’s Pipe
Ranger’s Sword x2
{{937}{Flaming Brand}} x2
Aragorn’s Bow x2
Betrayal of Isengard x2
Sleep Caradhras x2
{{194}{Sting}} x2
{{284}{Glamdring}}
{{303}{Armor}} x2
Filibert Bolger, Wily Rascal


BUNKAKWUNK: 34

Saruman, Keeper of Isengard x4
{{856}{Uruk Warrior}} x4
Uruk Captain x3
Uruk Ravager x4
{{311}{Uruk Lieutenant}} x2
{{39}{Troop of Uruk-hai}} x3
Orthanc Berserker
{{24}{Lurtz, Servant of Isengard}}
{{998}{Tower Assassin}}
{{855}{Savagery to Match Their Numbers}} x4
Saruman’s Ambition x4
Saruman’s Power
Abandoning Reason for Madness x2    

Strategy: 

I first handed this decklist to Bastian Winkelhaus at his flat in Wuppertal, being devoid of any meaningful gift to thank him for his hospitality, and explained it was actually a $2500 present if played in the Premier Series at Essen. I was a little off; the exact amount was eventually $3550 over Essen and Worlds. With minor modifications for Day 3 (this version is the last one I used) I played this deck Day 1, Day 2 and Day 3 of worlds to qualify and eventually take second place. So please remember, it is the NON-WINNER's deck :) 

I bid between 2 and 6 over the course of 3 days at various points, though the standard is certainly 5. If you see a large deck and think "Moria" you can bid 6 reasonably safely (though when you come up against Kim Caton and lose to 80 card Nazgul, blame me not). Going second is actually not much of a problem though, and I won as many games through uruk kill as through fellowship race, sometimes biding to go second. Double-stepping too is easy to judge when you can see their hand with sting and glamdring. 

Most decks featuring pipeweed (IMHO) lose games because they devote too many cards to the strategy. It's really quite supplementary; turning every site into a mini-sanctuary, giving you easily replenished directed archery and enabling you to take wounds on key characters without residual effect. The weed cards also provide great throughput, enhanced by Abandoning Reason on the shadow side. However, because it's important not to give up pool for cards that don't directly help you win skirmishes or advance your "fighting/running" cause (as companions and weapons do), Heir to the White City and free stuff Frodo help negate this unfortunate aspect of pipeweed. 

This deck generally does excellently against Sauron/IseOrcs and Moria, can easily survive Uruk-hai (though double-stepping is tricky) and is specifically designed to withstand Nazgul better than the other versions I saw played. The urukhai are 101 standard, mould as you see fit, this was my choice for day 3 based on what I expected to see (though I made a huge omission of Ulaire Nertea, when going for the kill at site 9 this guy wins all games - and in retrospect, would have done so in the final had he been included and shown his face in time). 

Sites - 
2: Draw lots of cards and move here in safety (though note that pipeweed does not give you an extra card here) 
3: Free Gandalf is good, I hear :) 
6: Safety against numbers 
7: Huge, let them go here if you see no site changing cards. Key against Dominic in the semi finals. 
8: Also huge, only 6 twilight if you need move here and important in handing out archery wounds for large, late game fellowships that want to push to 9. 
9: Count your minions all game, keep an eye out for your third or fourth saruman and this site will finish them off. 

There is admittedly more to this deck than spelled out above, but fellowship block is unlikely to be returned to for a while yet so a longer strategy isn't on the cards right now. If you have any questions, feel free to mail me. 

Props go to lots of people, but specifically: 
Doug Faust - The man. Ensured I didn't play the final on an empty stomach, without even being asked to help. Thanks so, so much buddy.
Peter Sundholm - I owe you mate. Big time. When I looked up, you were always there. Tech talk in between games, there. Cheers. 
MG Coffee - Ditto.
Bastian Winkelhaus and Mike Dalton...wait a minute, shouldn't I be getting props from you chaps? 
All my opponents from Day 1-3. A pleasure and an honour. 
Wes Brown - Reminding me I was going to lose. Thanks buddy :) 
Andy Petz - Reminding me I was going to win. Sorry mate :) 
All judges, especially Gabe and Enrique, though not to whomever decided to award Dom and I a warning each for "slow play" in untimed games (mainly because the cameramen were apparently being paid time and a half while waiting for the final to start. It took avg 50 minutes per game, that's not slow when a potential $20,000+ is on the line. Untimed for a reason guys). 
Kim Caton - Beats me. A lot. 
Mike Girard - Keeping Mike Dalton and I amused during our match. Nice work on the hotdogs. 
Hayes Hunter - Dead Gimli. Much love to you. Always. 

And last but most - Mathieu Brochu...for taking me to the cleaners. Good job. Next year's final, I want a rematch :) 

Cheers. - Alex Tennet 
Runner-up, Worlds 2002  