---
layout: archive
author: ! chris "Putz" burnett
title: ! "My senate"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-04-27
description: ! "my senate deck that has help me win a tournie and is 7-3 in tournie play"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7) 

fear is my ally 

MLITL/IWMIL 

Tatooine Desert landing site 

Corusant Glactic senate 

Prepared defenses 

There is no try and Oppressive Enforcement 

Do They Have A Code Clearance


Locations (3) 

Naboo Battle plans 

Naboo theed palace docking bay 

Naboo Theed Palace Courtyard 


Characters (23) 

Emperor Palpy 

Lord Maul 

Darth Maul 

Darth Vader 

Darth Vader,DLOTS 

Boba fett Bounty Hunter 

Dengar w/gun 

IG-88 w/gun 

Guri 

P-59 

P-60 

4-lom with gun 

Coruscant gaurd

Tikkes x2 

Lott Dod x3 

Baskol Yessrim x2

Edcel Bar Gane x2

Passel Argente


Effects (6) 

Senate hovercam 

Presence of the force

Our Blockade is Perfectly legal 

this is outrageous 

accepting trade federation control 

Image of the Dark Lord


Weapons (2) 

mauls double-bladed lightsaber 

Vaders lightsaber 


Interrupts (19) 

the point is conceded x3

Masterful move & endor occupation 

Masterful move

Oh Switch off

sence and uncertian is the future

furry fury

squabbling delegates x2 

vote now 

limited resources 

i have you now x2

ommni box & its worse x3 

you are beaten 

ghhhk  '

Strategy: '

You use your characters to control your naboo sites and use baskol yeesrim to make your oppoint lose up to 3 more force a turn and do to tikkes he wont be able to reduce it w/honor. use lott dod to you know get the certain cards you need. I always put my pressence on the senate so i have a drain of 2 there. OK i have image of a dark lord in here for a reason its a 6 destiny card that reduces opponent’s activation. The senate hovercam to help me against WYS for activation and helps against force choke. You are beaten is good for during battle after u hit someone to make them lost. Oh switch off HELLO i have 5 droids and it prevents them from getting jar-jar or hit or stolen. Dont u hate it when han and chewie come to beat a character down? I know i do so to solve that problem i put furry fury to solve it w/my good destiny i almost always get 2 good destiny. The point is conceded lets me activate one or make my opponent have 1 less character in the senate. im going to put the vs but only what i see at my area


Vs Pile (yes its alive in my area)

stick to your game plan and image of the dark lord there jedi councel chamber and make them lose 5 force and u keep the force u get. battle them smartly and play your interrupts right and you will have this game.


Vs WYS

play your D-shields to take them out. play your senate cam to keep your activation and well.... stay to your game plan and leave naboo if u have to.


Vs lightsaber combat

this is a hard match up since u are on naboo but u should be able to win cause 1) u have good destiny 2) u have power characters to hold down your sites. and u should beable to out drain him/damage him and go inside naboo only if u have to.

'