---
author: Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: Stimmed Jim’s WYS
side: Light
date: 2002-01-09
description: this deck doesn’t lose
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

An unusual amount of fear
(Don’t Do that again + 9 other shields)
WYS
Tatooine
Tatooine db
Tatooine cantina
Prepared defenses
battle plan/dtf
insurrection/aim high
squassin

Kessel
H1 db

Luke w/ saber x2
Melas x2
phylo
wedge
mirax
dash x2
talon karrde
lando w/ gun
chewie protector
theron nett
Capt. Han
EPP Han
palace raider
yotts orren
3-p0

falcon
red squad 1
outrider
pulsar skate
red 10

Goo Nee Tay x2
Menace fades
Uncontrollable fury
Advantage
Leg. Starfighter
Bacta Tank
Honor

OOC/TT
all wings/darklighter spin
dodge x2
control/tunnle x2
tunnle vision
Run Luke Run
Jedi’s resilience
on the edge
power pivot
satm/blaster prof.
shocking/grimtaash
Hyper escape
Bith Shuffle/Desperat reach x2

X-wing Cannon
I’ll take the leader 

Strategy: 

destab, not true, every time i get uncontrollable in play it stays enforced for pretty much the remainder of the game, if they’re overwhelming you on the ground, you can always put melas on the outrider with dash, and he’s pretty much impossible to get rid of in space.

umm... i don’t understand how anyone can complain about space in a wys deck, wys is definitly the second best platform from LS for a space deck, next to hb.  you get ridiculous forfeit, an extra destiny, hyper escape to get out of the battles you don’t want, many tunnle visions to get the power pivot and x-wing cannon, a pullable leg. starfighter, which if you get into play will almost win the game by itself for you.  if battle plan is gonna be an issue in a game, don’t deploy kessel and just challenge the opponent to come at you on tatooine, you’ll win that matchup 10 times out of 10.


Now that there are no new cards coming out, you can rest easy, make this deck, and look forward to winning all your games as LS.  It’s pretty similar to all the other great WYS decks in the past, goo nee tay was an especially good card for this deck, thanks for the idea hayes :-)  I haven’t seen anyone post a post-everything wys, so i figure i might as well do it, been playing some variation of wys since july and its lost one game out of the bazillion i’ve played, and none since the shields came out.  Uncontrollable and advantage are in to hose LSC, remember you can pull advantage and leg. starfighter with don’t do that again shield.  palace raider and yotts are in because they’re warriors for advantage and RFCs aren’t.  not really anything else to explain... one on the edge just for a little retrival, you don’t need 2, the shield does absolutly nothing to wys, just lose your interrupts to drains or soemthing before you use them.  the only thing that sucks is if they cancel hyper escape with the shield out you can’t play it again from lost, but usually just try to stay as long as possible without 3 smugglers before you finally have to. 

