---
author: Ryan "Shadow 13" French
title: Fear and Loathing in Jabba’s Palace
side: Dark
date: 2002-01-30
description: My first real stab at a good Scum and Villainy Deck.  Plenty of direct damage, some nice Force drain strategy...it should make your opponent fear Tatooine.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(9):
Fear Is My Ally
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Jabba’s Palace: Dungeon
Prepared Defenses
First Strike
Power Of The Hutt
No Escape

Defensive Shields(10):
-A Useless Gesture
-Allegations Of Corruption
-Come Here You Big Coward
-Oppressive Enforcement
-Resistance
-Secret Plans
-There Is No Try
-We’ll Let Fate-a Decide, Huh?
-Wipe Them Out, All Of Them
-You’ve Never Won A Race?

Locations(5):
Tatooine
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace: Lower Passages
Jabba’s Sail Barge: Passenger Deck

Characters(20):
Mighty Jabba x2
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Bib Fortuna (E1)
Thok & Thug
Gailid
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Jodo Kast
Snoova
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Prince Xizor
Guri
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
SSA-1015 (Jedi nightmare droid)
SSA-306 (WYS nightmare droid)
SSA-719 (verification nightmare droid)
U-3PO
Darth Maul (Tatooine)

Blue cards(7):
Jabba’s Sail Barge
Stinger
Virago
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator

Green cards(2):
Vibro-Ax
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Interrupts(10):
Imperial Barrier
Nevar Yalnal
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2
Nemoidian Advisor x2
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation
Ghhhk
They’re Still Coming Through x2

Effects(6):
Establish Control
Hutt Influence
Search and Destroy
Scum and Villainy
Tatooine Occupation
Bad Feeling Have I

Others(1):
Sarlacc 

Strategy: 

This is a lot like the other Court deck i posted earlier, the Godfather, but I think this one is a bit stronger for using Scum and some other nifty stuff.

********Update: drop the ”Jedi nightmare” and ”Verification” droids (don’t know what i was thinking there...) and add P-59 and P-60.  end update*********

starting out: Use Power o’Hutt to grab the Sail Barge as soon as you have some guys to protect it from Free Ride, then drop it at the Great Pit so you can move your guys over the Sarlacc while your opponent can’t.  also drop the passenger deck for added generation.

use the Nemo Advisor’s to pull Tatooine and Jabba’s Palace and get out the Lower Passages for maximum drains, drop Gailid at the Audio Chamber and drain away, plus Occupation at the system, held by all those wonderful independent starships that Court uses so well.  keep the docking bay close to the Sarlacc and put Establish Control there, against WYS keep those three sites at all costs and drain nastily.  with Hutt Influence on the table there’s no canceling those Force drains if you’ve got the aliens.  you’ve got U-3PO to help stop other ground decks and a Search ’n’ Destroy to stop space decks, plus you start No Escape to make sure Honor doesn’t screw up none of the Damage in here before you can get the 3 battlegrounds and stop Honor completely.  Masterful Move combo to handle QMC’s celebration and pull the Ghhhk for those tough times.

For battling, First Strike and Scum are awesome in this deck.  Boba Fett with IG88 or Vader, or any other bounty hunter is awesome.  Jabba with Boelo and Bib and the Ephant Man.  IG88 is in here for character removal, same with Dre and EPP Maul or the other lightsabers.

ok, card choices: 
Nevar Yalnal - easy way to get rid of spies, just drop Mara or U3PO on them and poof!  until then, its a nice 6.

Sarlacc - this used to be a flipping Court deck, but i’ve noticed that with a drain of 3 going down on his pit with him in it, many players aren’t too eager to try battling there...

Jodo Kast - holdover from the flipping Court, but he’s also very good against WYS.  and with Boba Fett BH.

Darth Maul - only for use in his ship, which is a very good use for him.  but don’t think he can hold a system by himself, Luke is a popular pilot in some hidden base decks.


try this deck out, its one of my favorite platforms because playing on Tatooine is so stinkin’ fun.


Ryan French
Rebel Strike Team Founder
http://www.decktech.net/43  