---
author: David "JediGambler" Burnett
title: JediGamler’s Watto aka The Unstoppable Machine
side: Light
date: 2002-07-20
description: Went 3-0 at Dantooine regional in the hands of Aaron Pawlik with 20 or higher dif each game. Went 2-1 at DPC Houston for me (the maker) with only a timed loss to Matt Lush (luck). As Aaron calls it a "Machine".
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

-STARTING-8
Fear is My Ally
No Money, No Parts, No Deal/I Win
Tat:Watto’s Junkyard
Tat:Mos Espa
Prep Defenses
IAO/Secret Plans
YCHF/Mob Points
Crush The Rebellion

-CHARACTERS-24
Watto x4
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus
Darth Maul w/saber x2
Darth Vader w/saber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Dr.E and Pondo B
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter x2
IG-88 w/gun
4-LOM w/gun
Stormtrooper Garrison
Graga
Guri
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Ozzel

-SHIPS-6
Executor
Chimaera x2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing 1
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

-VEHICLES-1
Blizzard 4

-EFFECTS-2
Tatooine Occupation
No Escape

-INTERRUPTS-13
Evader/Monnok
I Have You Now
Force Lighting
Imperial Command x4
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Masterful Move/Endor Occupation
Ghhhk

-LOCATIONS-5
Executor:Docking Bay
Spaceport:Docking Bay
Blockade Flagship:Bridge
Fondor
Tatooine

-ADMIRAL’S ORDERS-1
Battle Deployment




Strategy: 

-----JEDIGAMBLER’S NOTE-----

In my one game in tournament history that I did not win with this deck it was a timed loss to Matt Lush, my teammate, at the Houston DPC. He had 22 cards in his life force with no hand and I had 14 with a big hand, so anything could have happened. By the way great game Old Skooler, you definitely brought your ”A” game to H-town.

-----END OF JEDIGAMBLER’S NOTE-----


***RESPONSE TO REVIEWS***

-to Armaedes- you freakin flamer. You’re just hating on me cause you scrubed out in the DPC and I didn’t. I think you were 2-4 in the weekend and I was 4-2 with a timed loss to Lush and a loss by 6 with my QMC vs. Hunter style ISB Big blue. It’s not my fault that you sucked it up and I didn’t. You’re still my hommie though!

-to Ithorian- take out Guri?! Are you on drugs? Have you ever played agains WYS ever?! Unless you are the king of scrubs, like Jacob Taylor, you would know that Guri is the ultimate WYS space killa. They are drawing like 50 billion battle destiny (well maybe not 50 billion, but close to it)up on Tatooine and you gotta take it to kill Celebration and for your Occupation. Guess who can save the day? That’s right folks: GURI! Ummm... can you say only one destiny for you, sorry! Sorry but taking her out of the deck would be like jumping of a bridge into a pit of Krayt Dragons or something. Uhhh... ya.

-to bounty22- listen here. You may not think this deck is a machine but your opinion is worthless compared to stats. This deck is 8-1 in sanctioned play (including Dantooine Regionals and DPC Houston) with the only loss being a timed loss to Lush which I have already stated. I’m not even counting the hundreds of friendlies it has won against my friends who even knew the deck card for card. What’s your current record with your dark deck at major sanctioned events? Have you ever seen this deck being played? Why don’t you ask Zane Thorp or John Contreras what this deck did to them? It’s lowest win differential EVER was 16. I’m sorry but the numbers speak for themselves. If you still got beef with the deck, try coming to Austin and I’ll show you what it can do first hand.

***END OF RESPONSE***


***STRATEGY SECTION***

This deck is a beast in the hands of a weathered player. Its early damage, pinging drains, late game direct damage, and huge beatdowns make it almost UNSTOPPABLE. I will go into detail about the early game because that is where the game is won; the later game I will describe shortly because it will be quite self explanatory.

FIRST TURN- first action use Mob Points to pull Executor before they pull their Don’t Do That Again shield. Then use Crush before you activate to get Evader/Monnok. Now activate. You should have Watto in your hand, since I play 4, but if not don’t worry. You should also have an Imperial Command or Ozzel in your hand (again if you didn’t, don’t worry). Deploy Watto from reserve deck for free and save the one in your hand incase the opponent decides to play agressive and come EPP your Watto early. Go get Ozzel with Imperial Command if he is not in your hand and deploy him to Mos Espa. Now flip your objective. Use your Evader combo as your bluff card and they lose 2 force first turn!!! You can just go get Evader back at the start of their turn with Crush! That’s freakin huge! You can also use I Have You Now as your bluff the same way if you decide you need to do the lost version of Monnok. If you decide to use I Have You Now also, once you have Emperor out, you can just use Force Lightning as your bluff card, which can also be recirculated every turn. Anyway you have flipped and caused your 2 damage now some decisions. You have, at bare minimum, 5 force to do whatever with because both your dudes deployed for free. If you know they won’t have enough force to come attack you during their first turn  you can leave Watto and Ozzel right there to drain next turn and draw up (or if you are possitive they are playing doubles you can bluff another card you have in your hand and Monnok them lost; you’d be suprised of what you can get first turn, although it’s quite risky). If they do have enough force to attack you next turn, just move Ozzel over to Junkyard with Watto so you can draw destiny and they can’t, then draw. Then next turn you just deploy another dude to Mos Espa and repeat the process.

First turn you will also pull Exec:Docking Bay so you can do your Piett/Merrejk/System thing on your next turn or two. You know the drill: Command for Piett, Piett to Exec:DB for 2 and go get Commnder Merrejk, Merrejk on the Exec:DB gets Tatooine and Fondor out. You already have Executor in your hand so they may eat the 2 force loss from your objective for couple turns so you don’t get a free Executor. You can just move Piett and Merrek from the docking bay to Executor when it’s out or move them over to Spaceport Docking Bay on Tatooine for reinforcements later on. Some times you can get Tatooine Occupation going by third or fourth turn, but it is recommended that you take the Tatooine system by force first. ALWAYS USE GURI IN SPACE!!! She can definitely help you hold Tatooine against WYS, on top of your Thrawn, Imp Command, bounty hunter ships, and destiny adding characters (that’s why I said Lush was lucky at the DPC, cause I lost Guri in an early drain from reserve deck; that crucially sucked). 

Once you have a little bit out at your locations draining and using your objective to deploy free stuff or making them lose more force, they will be forced to come to you. In other words, FUN TIME! Barrier them and beat the stuffing out of them with your beaatdown crew (Maul w/saber, Vaderw/saber, Tarkin, Boba fett, etc). No Escape is a huge card for this deck. Let’s say you had to lose your Maul or Watto after they battled you in their turn, during yours just deploy No Escape to get them rightback! As spaz Chris Mcclure (crazy cat at the DPC) would say about the lighside counterpart (Ounee Ta), No Escape is one of the BEST cards in the game.

So after your hitting them for 2, draining bit by bit, occupying, beating down, and more you should ALWAYS come out on top. If you don’t you suck at this game and you deserve to die. Just kidding by the way.


-----SOME CARD CHOICES-----

-Battle Deployment- the ultimate WYS tech. Everybody knows this card. If I take Tatooine system (which I most definitely will) they can only draw one battle destiny max at related sites. That rocks. Also if they don’t have capital and a starfighter at the system, all their ships are power -2. I can also deploy Blizzard 4 from reserve deck. It can also replace their I’ll Take The Leader. If they replace your’s you can always track it and get it right back with Janus. Also destiny 6. Does it get any better?! This card is most definitely the SHIZNIT.

-Graga- HUGE card. She deploys for 1 so she can also be used for the early flip. But, not only that, she is power of 4 at Mos Espa and she says I can use 1 force if opponent just deployed somebody to her location and they gotta use 2 more force or they go right back in the opponent’s hand. That’s freakin cool. I used her twice at the DPC so you homos that say she’s a waste of card space can go eat cow crap. She rulez.



If you have any questions about the deck or how it works or any of that mess just feel free to d-mail me. Thanks for reading and reviewing nd thanks to everyone who showed up at the DPC, it just goes to show that this game is the mo fo shiznit and it ain’t goin nowhere!



Keep bringing the ”A” game,

David ”JediGambler” Burnett    