---
author: Adam "Skipray" Nelson
title: Droid Deal v 1.0
side: Dark
date: 2002-06-17
description: Battle Droids on Cloud City.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Fear Is My Ally
TDIGWATT
Cloud City: West Gallery
Prepared Defenses
Begin Landing Your Troops
I’m Sorry
Mobilization Points

Defensive Shields (10)
You Cannot Hide Forever
Secret Plans
I Find Your Lack Of Faith Disturbing (V)
Allegations Of Corruption
Come Here You Big Coward
Death Star Sentry (V)
Resistance
There Is No Try
Do They Have Code Clearance?
You’ve Never Won A Race?

Characters (25)
Security Battle Droid x3
SSA-1015
Nute Gunray
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Rune Haako
Infantry Battle Droid x2
SSA-719
P-59
OWO-1 With Backup
Battle Droid Officer
3B3-21
SSA-306
Darth Maul
Stormtrooper Garrison
P-60
U-3PO
Lord Vader
Arica
3B3-10
Aurra Sing
IG-88 with Riot Gun
EV-9D9

Effects (5)
Droid Racks
Cloud City Occupation
Forced Servitude
They Must Never Again Leave This City
Dark Deal

Interrupts (6)
There They Are!
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Oh, Switch Off x2
Drop Your Weapons

Locations (5)
Bespin
Bespin: Cloud City
Cloud City: East Platform
Cloud City: Incinerator
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway

Starships (7)
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Imperial-class Star Destroyer(V)
Executor
Obsidian 7
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
Obsidian Squadron TIE

Weapons (5)
Battle Droid Blaster Rifle x2
Maul’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber
Aurra Sing’s Blaster Rifle


Strategy: 

This is a TDIGWATT deck featuring droids, though there are enough other characters to provide heavy support.  I should be able to flip quickly to set up a maximum of damage for my opponent.  I am not starting Secret Plans because I can use the defensive shield if necessary.

Cards I would like to add:
Mara Jade, TEH
Mara’s Lightsaber
Chimaera
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza

Card Explanations:
Begin Landing Your Troops:  This card allows me to pull a docking bay while adding to the forfeit of my two Nemoidans and making them immune to Goo Nee Tay.
Chasm Walkway:  Good 2/1 site.

Early Game:
Use I’m Sorry and Mobilization Points before activating to pull the Incinerator, Chasm Walkway, and Executor.  Pull the landing platform and Dark Deal or Cloud City during your deploy phase, and get at least one character out.  Try to set up Dark Deal by your third turn, then focus on getting the Occupation going.  Pull CC Occupation before you flip.

Mid Game:
Use Droid Racks and the Incinerator to keep your droids coming while using them to drain and attack your opponent.  It is important to hurt your opponent’s strategy, but make sure to keep yours going.  If your opponent cancels Dark Deal, battle as often as you can to damage your opponent.

End Game:
Continue draining and battling, and you should win.

Matchups:
Profit- Drop Arica and Aurra to the AC and hold your opponent off as long as you can.  Although he or she will retrieve a lot once he or she flips, you will be doing a lot of damage every turn by the time that happens.
LSC:  Put Maul and Vader out to Naboo as soon as you can.  Your destiny isn’t as high, but keeping your opponent from draining while you are doing a lot of damage through the Deal and the Occupation makes a difference.
HB/EBO:  This is a tough matchup because of the weak space in this deck.  Set up Dark Deal and try to get Occupation going, but don’t be surprised if you can’t flip.
MWYHL:  This is tough because your drain modifiers can easily be canceled, so focus on Occupation and battle damage.

Thank you in advance for your suggestions.
