---
layout: archive
author: ! Ryan "_Rx_" McLain
title: ! "The Rx Throne Room Wrex"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-08-04
description: ! "High destiny, power characters, and total darkside acrivation hate."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations 


Yavin 4  Ma$$a$$i Throne Room

Coruscant Jedi Council Chamber

Rendevous Point

Tatooine Obi-Wan`s Hut

Dagobah yoda`s Hut

Home One War Room

Home One Docking Bay

Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)

Coruscant Docking Bay




Characters


EPP Luke x2 

EPP Obi-Wan x2 

EPP Qui-Gon x2 

Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel x2

Corran Horn 

3PO w/ Parts Showing 

Yoda, Master of the Force

Leia, Rebel Princess x2

B`omarr Monk 



Interrupts


Jedi’s Resilience x3 

On the Edge x2 

Houjix & Out of Nowhere

Life Debt x2

Were you looking for me? x2

Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency

Tunnel Vision x2

Heading For the Medical Frugate

Sense & Uncertain of the Future x4

Alter x2

We Must Accelerate our plans

Were Doomed

The Bith Shuffle & Desprate Reach x2



Effects


Colo Claw Fish

Insurrection/Aim High 

Bacta Tank 

Your Insight Serves You Well & Staging Areas 

Honor of the Jedi 

Revolution x 

Goo Nee Tay x2 



Weapon


Leia`s Blaster Rifle- trust me its the bomb



Starships 


Han, Chewin & the Falcon  

Spiral

Home One- gotta have something else for Zuckuss. can even be a beatdown with all my force '

Strategy: '

UDDATE. I just won my first tourney from 1.5 years absence with this deck with 8+ 117 Read my TR Choke dex and high differential. Im like stephen lewis #2 all the way but we have # 4 in the region I mention him later) like 2196 or something so I never feel bad about 2nd. We had another one sunday so look for that TR and my dark deck that i will post soon but ittakes me about 3 days to wrtite post a deck because computer restraints and I like good strategy sections. I try.



I have made the following changes.

out Obis Hut - in shmis hut. It only give drain #1 if wattos there

Out ote x2 - in They win this round x 2. LS ver of after her. It was big in one game. and DDTA which gets pulled almost everygame pulls it. Its also destiny 4 instead of 3

and i retrieve 4 instead risk or less. 

Out Monk wasnt reliable enough if i ever had to have a bg and since i took obis hut it made sense. - in Plo Koon I wanted to make damn sure i hit everybody. To bad he never made an appearence but i never missed a swing in that tourney anyway Im thinking of changing to padme or phylo???Help.

 I put in a restricted deployment for a revo, Home 1 for the destiny 3 ability 3 deploy 2 pwr2 forefit 4 rare naboo fighter that blows up the flagship. Sorry cant remeber name, I barrowed 1 bc i didnt bring mine. its in now though to stay unless i find something better

2nd hcf for a were doomed but im putting it back in maybe ill leave the falcon too. and I might hav taken out something else to. - In 2 jedi presences out-1 sense/rif and the houjix, but i might have to put the 4th sense back in and take out something. maybe an alter.  I didnt really trade card for card but im just typing by rembering what was in my tourney deck and this one. I had 60 cards so if I didnt remember something, sorry.  


Cantonavader Damnit crosby man you exagerate like hell youre 2196, and you looked at my deck for like 20 minutes. I never saw yours and youre the ISB KING (got him to where he is today / that and speeder ops. his are much better now. you should go to his page and read his deck its old but updated very well). Im a 1700’s and i was rusty. and hell draining for 6 turn 2 and 3 hurt me worse than ive ever been hurt bc i had to topdeck alot (3 twixes opening and drawing 2 will do that to you)had will do that to you. It was brutal but you got lucky as hell too beytoch I only lost by like 9. I won 1 and i think it was the other way around then. When we go to decipher con i know youll make it to day 3 with those 2. POST THEM they are about the 2 best decks ive ever seen. Crosby wasnt at this tourney but i still would have won. 


Armedes or whatever I know it can lose horribly to space but that review is not set by decktecg review standards. It has a weakness to a certian decktype; use that star’s rating. Read, idiot 

 its WWTBAO x2 sorry 


I forgot Shields but just use to fit your meta


AH, screw it I didnt like Home One Just because of the 3 activation loss if its lost. I guess its back to 2 HC Falcon

unless anybody has a better idea. Bravo Fighter thats the ticket. still 2 HCF, though. I got my 2nd 1 saturday 


Early 

You get 1st action so if Mob Pts hits grab Dont do that again.


Get out 2/0 or 3/0’s Sense/UITF helps this out early game

Revo whatever you can and try for an early Goo Nee Tay. 

If You get a TV early, dont go for a EPP, Pull the damn site out of your force pile.


MID/LATE game- pretty much the same with this deck 

Keep using 3-PO to get out all your sites/build your hand. Get the Were Doomed engine going if you have to. You can lay a nice space beat if the sitiation presents itsself. Keep dropping the bomb with mains, Resilliance/Tank on the ground. You basically choke them, make them pay more for characters (fewer characters that is with the +3) then drop on them, clear them out, and drain on their turf. Battle Order dosent hurt (hell I even pull it out of the SB sometimes when I dont fufill it just because I can afford it and they cant)


My Meta consists of mostly Combat, Dark Deal,Maul careful planning JP Presence, some watto & ocassional ISB but not BIG blue, just power blue. HC Falcon Life debt, sense imp command, etc covers it. 

We dont have much DS Senate because of the powerhouse LS senate is, so I dont need to worry about them taking over the JCC. I have never seen the droid deck except for 1 guy that this totally @$$raped but that was pretty much 1 battle + choke so Im not sure how to go about it but a ”W” is a ”W” 


DS Senate is a Bad matchup I know. Revo and tank are in danger. You just have to play smart and have some luck. If I had to face it often I would go back to LS Senate but I dont. The Were doomed engine is what lets you pull it off  You wont win by a high diff, but a ”W” is a ”W”


This deck plays pretty much the same way all the time. Choke them, make them pay alot for their stuff, kill that stuff. Matchups arent that important because you play pretty much the same every game get huge activation edge, wait for them to deploy, and send EPP`s on a mission, Resilliance, Tank (Houjix if you f uck it up) rather, rinse, repeat, win... even if it is just by 1 card 


This deck is pretty easy to play but has some intracies newbies dont quite catch the 1st time seeing it. 

Easy Hell, its mains; nothing beats mains 

Intricities Hell look at it all. If youre not a scrub you’ll understand 



Okay before you pull anything like Yoda/Alter/3-PO/Falcon/ TV for site, look for a DB Hell, you can even use AWRI if you have to but I have never had to. 


Note You ABSOLUTELY must talk trash during this entire game. With all the ways to screw your Opponent, trash talking is an essiental part. 


Note Force advantage equals a win for you; this deck is all bout it. 


This deck totally kills combat. You cant ignore them or youll get drained for @$$loads, you cant go to the DB because youll get dueled, so you just drop straight to the dome with Enhanced mains. You get a very nice activation edge with all the DS activation hate I pack. Barrier is your only fear and thats what The Bith Shuffle & Desprate Reach is for and wookie kiss/stunning leader stuff is taken care of by Sense (I have 4). Of course Sense also takes care of barrier too, gee isnt that nice. Beat the living damnit out of a deck with hella 6 & 7`s then you wont complain about destiny... IT ALL WORKS OUT.  Those cycling shuffles are killer to. I will either cancel a barrier or I will screw up their tracking. Good in my book.


Were Doomed -So F ucking Tech Okay. listen carefuly. If you get 3-PO, have 15 or less force,  and Were Doomed, If it dosent get grabbed or sensed, YOU WIN. -okay, maybe not but it sounded good.  Every drain for the rest of their turn, battle damage, Direct damage etc. for the rest of their turn is reduced by half (rounded down if 3-po is on table) If he is on the table, you will always have 2x the # of cards you should have (or more; you only have to eat the 1st drain) as he stays alive and you track it w/ him and pull it. You will not lose for much longer. You just win the drain race since you have killed most of their characters by then. This is the card that lets you not get killed by Senate


I could have went with the Slave quarters /Shmi pull 3-PO but thats a 0 and a 2. I have 2 Were You Looking For Me?`s which are 5’s. MUCH better. The Were Doomed trick isnt needed to often and never until late game (must have 15 or less life force). Also, this allows Obi`s Hut to be used more safely as they cant just run back and forth from me and since ive got 2/0s, im not draining before moving.

That being said, If your opponent has nothing for you to do and you have him screwed, Altering your Revo, getting back with OTE, revo`ing your own sites to drain for a good bit has won games. 


Leias blaster Destiny 3, deploy for free, 1 force to fire, destiny +1 > ability theyre immediately lost With Fish, she can kill anybody


Were you looking for Me? Dest 5. used Pulls 3-PO.  Lost retrieve 3-PO or add a destiny w/ him @ a site


Monk- He creates a 2nd BG for CHYBC. He also lets me drain at Obi`s hut for 2 (3 if revo`d) if need be.


Goo Nee Tay.... Is there a better card for light side??? NO


Coruscant DB- Well Ive got insurrection & staging A`s so might as well get a little more force. This force is FAR from needed. I activate (with all my sites) 17. then youve got Yoda/Qui too. It also is my BG for CHYBC shield. Also lets Yoda move out so a spy beat dosent destroy your game .... then DB transit him and backup where applicable. This stops me from having to waste resources in the JCC if a spy comes along.  This also can be helpful so a Coruscant guard or the like in DS Senate wont be as bad


JCC/Yoda/Alter- Extra force(4) ability 7(Alter/Sense), pullable. I dont like BFHI even though it hurts VERY little. Sac wars it helps. all around good cards. Alter can also kill the political effects which premiere alters cant do.


Honor- come on, its a beast. Stops SAC war damage, CAN slow down Watto, AOBS etc...I know they pack No Escape but I said ”CAN”. It keeps them from draining @ my twixes- this works even if No Escape is out Good all around card 


Sense/UITF Against TDIGWATT (or the like where they pull once per game stuff) when they pull their sites with I`m Sorry on your turn, screw everything else(Xcept TV`ing for your site). Pay the 3, toss the card and make all those cards go back into their deck. -Drop your twixes in your hand 1st though (I use TDIGWATT as an example because most start with Upper Walkway which gives you 2 force but if they give you only 1 you can still do it, just not the Tunneling for a site. Sense is just plain common sense (I still dont like barrier/stunning leader/kiss a wookie) and UITF lets me get my Twixes and effects. 


Non-combo TV. Destiny 3 instead of 1. I usually dont need to cancel drains because my mains will drop on their head my turn and cause more damage to them than the drain did to me. I NEVER see Walker Garrison so the Control stopping Ice Storm isnt important in my meta. I have 4 Senses and 2 Alter for sac backup. DS sac is kind of dead so control is not needed. They are mostly to pull twixes (or GNT/Revo) early game. If you have a TV and a site is in your force pile. GET IT, screw whatever else is in there, GET THE DAMN 0`s outta there and flat out out activate your opponent



OTE- can get some back. I can grab Evader and get my revos back. plus with the lower destiny characters i can pull it off easily but i can get 5 back too. Its still a good card. Some prople would grab it which Id want them to do over other cards.


Bacta tank- Its the heat in a deck that can activate over 1/3 of your remaining deck each turn. Enhanced mains work up a sweat swinging their LS`s, so they need to bathe. Showers are expensive, but a bacta bath is very affordable with all this force. Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down is around predominatly in DS Senate which I dont see and Sense works on that interrupt just fine too, if I do see it. 


We Wish To Board At Once- Grab a 1st turn Goo Nee Tay, Revo. all the other good stuff when needed. Late game tracking by searching for a race card for free instead of paying 3. (only reason it isnt Signal x2) Sure I dont pod race but you could still win a race. the dex destiny is descent enough to win a race. Ive pulled it off.


(PS) if you ever want to win by more than you ever have in yur life, try playing vs ROPS with this deck its a bloodbath ) ...okay so its not eloms, but still)


This is alot better than my 1st attempt at trm. Hope you all enjoy this one


Rx


'