---
author: Angelo "GravShadow" Consoli
title: Ruck Zuck Die Fresse D1ck
side: Light
date: 2002-11-19
description: This is a repost of my watto-deck that 
won worlds. Somehow the first post 
appeared in the limited section.
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

 
Start (7+1+10) 

Fear Is My Ally 

Defensive Shields (10) 
I Find Your Lack Of Faith Disturbing (V) 
A Useless Gesture 
Do They Have Code Clearence? 
Resistance 
Battle Order 
Reactor Terminal (V) 
There Is No Try 
Allegations Of Corruption 
Secret Plans 
Come Here You Big Coward 

No Money, No Parts, No Deal / You’re A Slave? 
(aka You’re An Italian aka Ruck Zuck Die Fresse D1ck) 

Tatooine: Watto’s Junkyard 
Tatooine: Mos Espa 

Prepared Defenses 

You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Point 
Ket Malis (V) 
- one effect marked with (s) - 

Locations (3) 
Rendili 
DSII: Docking Bay 
Blockade Flagship: Bridge 

Charakters (23) 
Watto x3 
Emperor Palpatine x2 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2 
Darth Maul With Lightsaber x2 
Reegesk (V) (da man) 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Bossk With Mortar Gun 
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle 
Arica 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Prophetess (V) 
P-59 
Guri 
Prince Xizor 
Darth Sidious 
Boba Fett Bounty Hunter 
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Janus Greejatus 

Starships (4) 
Executor 
Chimaera 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 
Boba Fett In Slave I 

Vehicles (2) 
Blizzard 4 
Tempest Scout 6 

Effects (8-1) 
Wipe Them Out, All Of Them (s) 
Colo Claw Fish (s) 
No Escape (s) 
Bad Feeling Have I 
The Phantom Menace 
First Strike 
Search And Destroy 
Blast Door Controls 

Interrupts (13) 
Imperial Barrier x3 
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x3 
Force Field x2 
Projective Telepathy 
Sniper & Dark Strike 
Ghhhk & Those Rebel Won’t Escape Us 
I Have You Now 
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation  

Strategy: 

By thBy the way "Ruck Zuck Die Fresse D1ck" is german and means something like: 
"Get you’re a$$ kicked really fast" 
My friend Benjamin Fadda had the idea for the decktitle. 

This is the darkside-deck that Bastian and me where playing at Worlds. 
His deck was only a few cards different. I think he played Trample, Fanfare, Moarnful Roar, Trooper Sabacc and he didn’t play Force Field, 1 Shield, The
Phantom Menace, Darth Sidious. 

Begin your games with the cards listed in Start. The third effect depends on your matchup.
Most of the time and especially against WYS start Wipe Them Out, All Of Them, because of the extra force generation and battle destiny limitation. 
Against LSC start Colo Claw Fish. If you think opponent will play with
HOTJ start No Escape. 

This deck is all about pressure. Before you activate search for Rendili. If opponent doesn’t play DDTA place Mobpoints in Lost Pile to pull Search And Destroy. 
Next take Reegesk into hand. Flip first turn with Watto and Reegesk. Do the Bluff every turn. Search for the DB and count your evasion cards, so you know what is in your Force Pile. 
Play WMAOP to deploy the Bridge. You deoployed only for one Force, so you can draw the rest. Opponent will not likely come to you first turn. If he does you have plenty of evasion cards. 
So hopefully opponent wasted a turn and you can try to beatdown him next round. 

In the Middlegame it is important to enforce your sites. Never do the bluff with your best cards. You setup very fast, so go and disrupt opponents gameplan. Basically that’s all. 
I know it is a short text, but that’s how this deck works. And sorry, I am not that good in explaining. 

Play a few times with this deck, so you get a feeling. 

There are some good cards and combos in it. Force Field protects you from weapons. They try to kill Watto, you play FF, you draw destiny and they don’t. 
Your charakters stay and their charakters leave the table. Colo Claw Fish is useful with Maul. You swing the first time, hit, reload with the second swing and draw a good Battle Destiny. 
If you have a one on the fish go and capture some mains with Bossk. 
Reegesk is da man. If you are playing against a deck with many starfighters, weapons
droids... steal those cards into your hand. This is one Life Force more for you!
And don’t forget to bluff the opponet with his stolen R2D2 in R5. Tracking for beginners *g*.
Or go and steal one 3PO with shining parts and use him for your interests. This did happen!

All Match-Ups are quite the same. Flip and disrupt your opponents gameplan! 

If you have any questions, just let me know. 



Props to: 

Bastian Winkelhaus, for inventing this decktype 

Martin Falke, for Reegesk and FF Tech 

Benjamin Fadda for the decktitle 

Sascha Denis for translation of the decktitle 

Me, for winning Worlds with it 


Ciao

Angelo Consoli 