---
author: Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: There Is Good In ASP-707 Droids ver 2.0
side: Light
date: 2002-01-27
description: this is my second version of there is good in him with asp-707 droids
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (11)
There is good in him
Endor: chief chirpa`s hut
Luke skywalker, jedi knight
Luke`s lightsaber
Endor: landing platform
I feel the conflict
Heading for the medical frigate
Do or do not/wise advice
Squadron assignments
Strike planning
An unusual amount of fear

Characters (19)
Ithorian x3
General crix madine
General solo
Chewbacca of kashyyyk
Corporal midge
Lando calrissian, scoundrel
Corran horn
Obi wan with lightsaber x2
ASP-707 x3
Dash rendar
Wedge Antilles
Leia with blaster rifle
Bren quersey
Orrimarko 

Locations (3)
Endor: back door
Endor: hidden forest trail
Kessel

Weapons (4)
Ewok catapult x4

Devices (2)
Portable scanner x2

Starships (3)
Outrider
Red squadron 1
Red 8

Effects (6)
Traffic control 
Projection of a skywalker x2
A vergeance in the force
Lightsaber proficiency
Bacta tank

Interrupts (13)
Insertion planning x3
Jedi presence
On the edge x3
A jedi`s resilience 
Free ride/endor celebration
Life debt
Mindful of the future 
Rebel barrier x2

Defensive shields
Battle plan
A tragedy has occurred
A close race
Aim high
Your insight serves you well
Ultimatum
Another pathetic lifeform
Ounne ta
Only jedi carry that weapon
Don`t do that again


Strategy: 

This is my second version of this deck, I`ve put in Bren quersey and red 8 for more space power, it adds one destiny to power, I`ve put in 2 portable scanners so I can get the ewok catapults from reserve deck. Bacta tank is to revive characters like midge and solo. I`ve also put in lightsaber proficiency for more draining and power. Orrimarko is in there for the power and the force loss to the opponent and he`s a scout of ability more than 2 so corporal midge adds another 1 to force drain.



First turn you`ll have a drain of 1, you start with 6 force plus whatever the opponent gives, using strike planning while the opponent takes his/her turn get general crix madine and general solo, your turn you can deploy solo to the docking and move luke over. Then try and get your other endor sites out for force draining and kessel is very important for that drain of 3. 

The ithorian adds an icon to both sites getting more force generation and makes the drain +1. Projection of a skywalker and a vergeance in the force limits their force drains a bit. ASP-707 droid is brilliant, put him down to an exterior endor site, then put an ewok catapult down, which is a destiny 7 and there is 4 of them in the deck, the ASP-707 droid lets you put it back on top of reserve deck, then you play on the edge and choose 6 and you will draw the seven and retrieve 6 force. Even if they do play do they have a code clearance you still get to retrieve force and sometimes they put 3 defensive shields down first turn not do they have a code clearance.

The destinys in this deck are brilliant, traffic control lets you recycle cards, free ride to cancel occupation card, insertion planning to minus their battle destiny and it`s a 6 destiny used interrupt. Rebel barriers can stop a character from battling and moving and it`s a used interrupt.

-vs- dark side combat
get solo and madine into hand, then get your other sites up and running, a vergeance in the force can limit a drain down to one and the projections work on naboo, setup your drains with ithorians and corporal midge making it +1, rebel barrier can stop a character from battling, retrieve with your on the edges.

-vs- senate
get solo and madine like usual, and try to get your other sites out and try to hold kessel for a drain of 3, corporal midge and ithorians boost your drains up, if vader comes down try and win 3 battles because there are sevens in the deck so you could turn vader, and rebel barrier other characters from battling, and play insertion planning to minus their destiny draw. Play bacta tank to revive important characters.

-vs- bring him before me
get you 2 generals like usual and move luke over to the docking bay, 
if they play docking bays and try to get activation play don`t do that again, and most likely vader will come down, play rebel barriers to stop characters and not letting them win a couple of battles, high destiny for battle destiny and luke`s lightsaber and try to hold kessel for a drain of 3.
Play lightsaber proficiency for more draining.


