---
layout: archive
author: ! Sam "AgentSD" Diamond
title: ! "The CIA Is Trying To Kill Me"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-05-05
description: ! "Solid QMC, that I’ve been using for a while.  Title comes from a song by the underground rap group, Non Phixion, you may have seen their commercial on MTV2."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)

QMC/Balls

Bespin

CC Guest Quarters

An Unusual Amount of Feast (fear)

Strike Planning

Squad A$$

Keeping the emp out forever

Heading for the frig


Locatins (3)

CC North Corridor

CC Carbonite Chamber

CC West Gallery


Characters (17)

Luke EPP x3

Obi  EPP X2

Qui Gon w/ stick

Leia EPP

Ten Numb

Ric Olie

General Walex Blissex

DS2 Wedge

Pucumir Thryss

Corran Horn

General Crix Madine

Lando, Scoundrel x2

Dash Rendar


Ships (5)

Outrider

Han, Chewie, and Falcon

Queen’s Royal Starship

Red Squad 1

Blue Squad 5


Weapons (3)

Intruder Missile x2

X-Wing Laser Cannon


Interrupts (20)

We Wish To Board at once x2

Life Debt

Path of Least resistance x3

OOC/TT x3

Power Pivot

A Jedi’s Reslience x2

SATM/BP x2

Rebel Barrier x2

Rebel Artillery x2

Gift of the Mentor 

Off the Edge


Effects (2)

Menace Fades

CC Celebration


AO (2)

Capital Support '

Strategy: '

I haven’t posted a deck in god knows how long, but I figured I’d post this due to my renewed interest in the game and due to the fact that I’ve had this deck for a while and I’m probably going to be taking it apart soon. 


Update Strike planning is to get the generals for quick flip and for capital support damage.


The deck is pretty simple and self-explanatory (plus I really don’t feel like writing one of the giant strategies that I normally write).  Basically, you set up at Bespin and get some guys to the sites for the fairly quick flip.  Set up Capital support for some direct damage, celebration for retrieval.  Path works like a beauty with SATM, and for dodging battles/rertrieving w/ celebration.  Resiliences keep the EPPs coming back over and over.  The reasons for the one Qui Gon are I only own one w/ lightsaber and didn’t want to play one that didn’t come equipped, and also Lightsaber combat forces me to keep makes my jedi crap on cloud city anyway, so it’s better that I’m not packing a lot and relying on them.  The space fleet is really powerful.  Don’t worry about this deck’s activation.  It looks like it might not be enough to pay for all the upkeep and crap, but I’ve never had any trouble, this deck has always done well for me.  Lots of the time you don’t need the falcon out there, and you usually aren’t paying for too much on the ground anyway because of all the paths and sneaky crap like that.  


Tell me what you think.  Don’t be dumb.  Late.   '