---
layout: archive
author: ! Adam "kida117" McCombie
title: ! "WYS like everyone else plays"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-28
description: ! "This is your basic WYS deck with some personal flair thrown in."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)

WYS/This Place can get a little rough

Tatoine(new)

Tatoine Cantina

Tatoine Docking Bay 94

HFTMF

Squad Assignments

Insurection/Aim High

A 3rd effect

Unusual amount of fear and 10 shields


Locations(3)

Home OneDocing Bay

Spaceport Docking Bay

Kessel


Characters(19)

EPP Luke x3

Palace Raider x6

Dash Rendar

Mirax Terrik

Dash Rendar

EPP Han

Capitan Han Solo

Wedge Antiles

Phylo Gandish

Tallon Karde

Melas

Chewie, Enraged


Starships(4)

Millenium Falcon

Outrider

Pulsar Skate

Red Squadron 1


Vehicles(5)

Patrol Craft x5


Weapons(1)

X Wing Laser Cannon


Admirals Order(1)

I’ll Take The Leader


Effects(5)

Bacta Tank

Tatoine Celebration

Menace Fades

Honor of the Jedi

Projection of a Skywalker


Interupts(14)

Control & Tunnel Vision x3

On The Edge x2

Rebel Barrier x2

Houjix & Out of Nowhere

It’s A Hit

Fallen Portal

Nar Shadda Wind Chimes

A Few Manuvers

Shocking Information & Grimtaash

All Wings Report In & Darklighter Spin

'

Strategy: '

As you should be able to see this is esentially like 90% of all the WYS decks out there.  It wins super consistently against a large range of decks.  

Early Game  Pull your sites and hold Kessel for a while.  Set up in space fast if you can.  I almost always have the Outrider in space by the 3rd turn.  Use your Control/Tunnel Visions to find cards.  Stick some Palace Raiders in Crafts at the DB’s early.


Mid Game Try to get the Celebration going even if you are only holding one site.  Go attack the opponent only if neccesary.  A lot of times Battle Plan and Menace Fades hurt them so they can only drain for 1 or 2 a turn and celebration gets that back so don’t worry.


Late Game Lock down the sites with Some Crafts and hold the Cantina with Luke and Friends.  Make sure and Track your destinies and retrive with On the Edge and The Chimes.  Generally this deck retrives a good 20 force a game no problem.


Matchups I’ve included 2 matchups that give me problems most other decks are beaten realtivley easily

Dark Deal Start Menace Fades.  Try and get your space out to Bespin and try and get good forces on the Ground if you kill their deal then theres really no way for them to win.


Hunt Down Get Space Under Control and try to draw their Jedi out and beat him.  If Huntdown is popular in your area you may want to add OOC & TT and A Jedi’s Resilance to protect you.  


Other Stuff you need to worry about


Guri She can hinder your deck.  Try to barrier her and then overpower the opponet at her site next turn to get rid of her.


The New battle droid Not too much of a problem since you have Luke and Phylo and you usually get at least 1 more destiny.


A Usless Gesture Does almost nothing to this deck.  Sure your interupts are harder to play twice but you can still play interupts if you loose them to drains.  


I hope you like this deck and if you have any comments about it please e mail me before reviewing '