---
author: Maximilien "Kiriel" Bouchard
title: WYS Choke BETA
side: Light
date: 2002-05-25
description: CHOKE + BEAT + thek
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (9) 
---------------- 
Watch Your Step/This place can Be a little Rough 
Tatooine (PR)
Tatooine:Docking Bay 94 
Tatooine:Cantina 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Squadren Assignments 
Your Insight Serves You Well & Staging Areas 
Battle Plan & Draw Their Fire
An Unusual Amount of Fear
+ (10 shield)

System (1) 
---------------- 
Kessel 


Characters (18) 
---------------- 
Dash Rendar x2
Mirax Terrik 
Melas x2
Lando with Blaster Pistol 
Talon Karrde 
Wedge Antilles 
Han With Heavey Blaster Pistol x2
Luke with Lightsaber x3 
Threepio with His Parts Showing 
Phylo Gandish
Theron Nett
Chewie, Enraged x2

Starships (5) 
---------------- 
Millenium Falcon 
Outrider 
Red Squadren 1 
Red 10
R2 in R5


Effects (5) 
---------------- 
Revolution
Goo Ney Tay x2 
Menace Fades 
Honor Of The Jedi 


Admirals Order (2) 
---------------- 
Ill Take the Leader 
Combined Fleet Action


Weapon (1) 
---------------- 
X-Wing Laser Cannon 

Interrupts (19) 
---------------- 
Strike bloked*
On The Edge 
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated 
Rebel Barrier x2
A Jedis Resilience x2
Life Debt x2
Houjix & Out of Nowhere 
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach x2
Were are you looking for me ?
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency
Too Close For Comfort
Dodge
We Wish to Board At Once 

Strategy: 

UPDATE
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tournement : 2-0
Respond to Garion : Ok I forgot to say that I ONLY deploy Kessel in end of the game Most of the time I use it with C3po until I tracked some high destiny. I only give 2 icon to opponent : Tatooine + docking bay 94 And if kessel is on table it is 4 not 5 !.  And I think that Wys could be a choke deck vs Hunt down and Bhbm and any deck that play 2/0 location (ex hunt down with bridge + imperial holotable ) 

In general Bad Feeling hurt a lot ! and the only solution I have is to hurt the opponent more with goo Ney tay.  I beat a scum deck that play bad feeling , no BArgain and the effect that my alien deploy + on tatooine it is possible.

Finaly I don?t play raider because I play beat, If I add I will add tatooine celebration, bacta thank may be Jedi luke 2 or 3 db + raider and patrol craft and yoou got a totally different deck....


----------------------------


First of all the objective of the deck is to take the control of the game with :
1- The Force Choke  
2- The evasion
3- The beat 

1- I only give 2 icons + battle plan + goo Ney Tay + Flip side + Revolution + Too close for comfort + draw Their fire= It become harder for a dark player to deploy Vader + boba an not be vulnerable for a beatdown.

2- Rebel barrier + hougix + dodge + life dept + on the edge + Combined Fleet Action + Protect your smuggler from the lost pile.

3- Deploy caracter battle that?s all. It?s fun because if han + Chewie + life dept work you win the game.

I normaly setup tatooine first with a lone ship and I try to deploy Goo Ney Tay soon has I get it or WWTBAO.

My more important problem in the deck is the activation. Because I need 8 for Chewie+han and at best I active 7 for my own (if kessel is not on table) Flip+ a ship at tatooine + Staging areas + a somebody at the docking bay). 

Revolution: This card win me many game 

Combined fleet action : Opponent only draw 1 battle destiny on my site !! 

Strike bloked could be change for A few maneuver, Endor celebration Free & Ride , Tollon or Yott Soren depending of your Meta

Matchup

This deck is very good vs Hunt down and BHBM because of the force choke and if the play without Evader .......

MKOS could be really tough because They retrieve a lot and you not the worse is if they start the effact that made my alien deploy +1 on tatooine + dark Jedi + no bargain ....  But if your able to guard enough guy on key site (cantina, audience) you have a good chance.

Senator Tie : Never play but most be a real nightmare

Combat : Easy he run only a few different caracter = BEAT

AOBS : Tough for you, Tough for him play smart ??( I don?t any idea)

In general the deck is strong but activation could ruin a good strat. But normaly if you avtivate 10 force by turn it?s enough to win vs the majority of the deck. 
The next deck I will try will be a WYS podrace,  Scramble, on the edge, fallen portal, raider,  beggar and maybe number (artoo + luke jk+ smuggler) because the opponent cannot play 8 shield if you have idea i will be happy to read them. 

Excuse me for my bad English 
Thx for read/rate 
Kiriel
