---
author: Justin "Black 1" Fiedler
title: we will reveal ourselves to the jedi...at last we will have revenge!
side: Light
date: 2002-08-13
description: LSC that almost guarantees to win LSC every time.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

<b>Starting (9):</B>
Let Them Make The First Move
Generator Core
Generator
Deep Hatred
Prepared Defenses
Blaster Rack (v)
IAO/SP
Wipe Them Out, All Of THem
Fear Is My Ally

<b>Characters (18):</b>
Lord Maul x3
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Sidious x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Thok and Thug
Feltipern Trevagg
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Grand Moff Tarkin
U-3P0
Aurra Sing

<b>Weapons (10):</b>
Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Maul’s Double Saber x2
Mara’s Saber
Aurra Sing’s Blaster
Intruder Missle x3
Double Laser Cannon

<b>Red (22):</b>
Blow Parried
Weaopn Levitation
Force Field x2
Imperial Barrier x2
It’s Worse! x2
Reacotor Terminal
Sense x3
I Have You Now x2
Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son
Stunning Leader
TPM x2
Vader’s Obsession x2
The Circle Is Now Complete
Masterful Move/Endor Occupation

<b>Sites (1):</b>
Naboo DB


Strategy: 

Okay, this deck is what LSC was meant to be...simply combat with other jedi. Get out all the sith to the 3 sites and drain away to make them come to you. when they do, finger of death any scrubs and combat any jedi...your almost guaranteed to win with the high destiny. now this is of course in a best-case scenario, but if the shield DOES come out, its just a set-back, not a death mark. i can still drain, tho not for as much, and i can go out and battle opponent elsewhere, with my high destiny it’ll be a massacre. and before you jump all over me for putting in the intruder missles and the double laser cannon, they are there solely for their 7 destiny as combat cards. there are no other useful 7-destiny cards i could find (that i own) so i added them. vader’s obsession is also extremely fun, as i can use combat cards since it is a duel. I also realize that there are not many backup characters, but this deck was meant to focus on the sith in all their glory. and while this deck was MAINLY built for fun, i do intend to take it to a tourney, so please give me any suggestions you think would make it better, but still continue in the purpose i had for making this deck. thanks! 