---
author: Karl "yammosk" Walker
title: Hidden Base is Back
side: Light
date: 2002-03-12
description: This deck is just as good as it always was. But now it is faster and that means 
it works more competitively now.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

STARTING: (8)
Hidden Base
(HB-Aldaraan)
Rendevous Point
HFTMF
Squadron Assignments
YISYW combo
Scrambled Transmission
Unusual amount of fear-sideboard

Defensive Shields: (10)
At least use, Battle Plan, Don’t do that again, A tragedy has occured, and Do, or do not

LOCATIONS:(6)
Aldaraan
Kessel
Sullust
Mon Calamari
Aquilla
Tatooine (C)

CHARACTERS: (14)
Luke Skywalker(virtual) x2
Qui-Gon Jinn with lightsaber x2
Obi with lightsaber x2
Lando, Scoundrel x2
Theron Nett
Jek Porkins
Dutch
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles,RSL
Hobbie

Ships: (9)
R2 in Red 5 x2
Red 10
Red 6
Gold 1(virtual)
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Han, Chewie, Falcon

Inturrupts: (16)
Jedi Resilliance x3
Rebel Artillary x2
Sorry about the mess 
AWRI/Darklighter spin x3
SI/Grimtaash x2
Rebel Barrier x3
It can wait x2

Effects: (3)
Get to your ships
They win this round
Vergence in the force
Image of a Skywalker

Weapons: (3)
X-Wing Cannon x3




Strategy: 

EDIT: switch Get to your ships with Honor of the Jedi 

 Alright, the first hing to do in this deck is get virtual Luke out as fast as you can. Use him, his ship, or the AWRI combo to do this. Once he is out you can use him to pull one of the AWRI combos out once a turn and get out another pilot. You can use Luke to retrieve instead, but I only suggest this if you have sufficient power out.
  I thnk it will be obvious to your opponent that Aldaraan is the hidden base, but it has no dark cons and all your other systems are some parsecs away. So unless your opponent has a way to deploy there with spies or the visage or they move there from a system they have close by they will have considerable trouble getting there. And if they do have a system there, that means they are playing space and it will be a good game.
  In space you want to deploy systems as fast as you can to flip the objective. 
  Once it is flipped they should now have trouble drawing force. Now, you can also use the Grimtaash combo you can pull with scrambled tranny to hurt their hand. This combo will work awesome with TIE decks, your most fearsome foe.
  Their are plenty of ways to hurt them on the ground. I would play Battle Plan, even if it hurts you. They use the force, then you cancel the drain with the objective. Image of Skywalker can help with those annoying Senate drains. And you can always attack with your Jedi. Save these for when your opponent gets overconfident at a sight. You can use the DDTA shield to get out TWTR and make the hit and run attack very effective (or you can use it to pull Vergence against a tough drain). The Resilience will get the lost Jedi back into hand also. Playing Honor of the Jedi ( also effective with Hunt Down, pull with YISYW) and doing this in against a combat deck will keep you from losing much, and them more.   
  The weapons in this deck can remove any TIEs or bounty hunter ships before the battle is even over. And Rebel Artillary ensures that they do some damage.
  That is about it. Please review my deck and add reasons behind your results. Thank you.
