---
layout: archive
author: ! Darth Vader "The Dark" Lord of The Sith
title: ! "ARTICLES AREN’ WORKING - The Battle for the SWCCG"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-05
description: ! "We may have thought of the prophicies of the fall. Now it’s our turn to tell our point of view."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'The time to act is now. I was and still am a very vivid player of the SWCCG and am enraged at George Lucas and Wizards of the Coast, please listen to my ideas which have been accepted by many on Decipher’s message boards.


JOIN THE GLOBAL STAR WARS CCG COMMUNITY



Join the Global SWCCG Community, which is currently in creation


OUR GOAL is to help continue the game and glorify it in ways Lucas could have had Decipher do.


The Star Wars CCG is going to be shut down as we all know, but let’s revive it like the Phoenix after it kills itself only to rise from the ashes. Please join, it’s the wrong place, but I want all to know


                  Here is what we’ll do 


                  -We already have a webpage for this idea and some chief lieutenants helping

                  this action. 




                  OUR GOAL 


                  -To help post SWCCG cards on the internet for players to print up new cards

                  and create their own decks. 


                  -To make new cards based on new movies and make new cards from the

                  books that players always craved for. 


                  -To enchance the gameplay of a game that shall never die. 


                  -To continue to boycott the new Star Wars Trading Card Game that is

                  basically a combination of Pokemon and Magic. 


                  -To send e-mails to Lucasfilm Limited letting them know our ideas. 


                  -To pledge disloyalty to the Wizards of the Coast 



                  -And finally, to help long live the best Star Wars Card Game in the world. 


                  Thank you. 


                  Current members 9. Please join


Our webpage (which is under construction is 


 http//www.angelfire.com/wv2/sw_ccg_pirate 


the URL for the Decipher message boards where you can post your ideas and join others of the GSWCCGC.


http//calder.decipher.com/cgi-bin/msgbd?specialevent


Thank you.


Vincent Valorez, Chairperson and Founder, Global SWCCG Community. '

Strategy: '

THIS IS WHERE THE UPDATED RECORD OF AMOUNT OF MEMBERS WILL BE ADDED


CURRENT MEMBER TOTAL



14.  '