---
layout: archive
author: ! Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: ! "Hunt Down And Destroy Austin Powers/ His Mojo Has Gone Out Of The Universe"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-26
description: ! "This is my hunt down deck on naboo"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

Hunt Down and destroy the jedi

Executor holotheatre

Visage of the emperor

Executor meditation chamber

Epic duel

Prepared defences

Imperial arrest order/secret plans

Fear is my ally


Characters (16)

Darth Vader with lightsaber x4

Emperor palpatine x2

Mara jade x2

Snoova

Chokk

Lord maul

Darth maul

Grand moff tarkin

Boba Fett, bounty hunter

Grand admiral thrawn

U-3PO


Locations (4)

Naboo theed palace generator

Naboo theed palace generator core

Naboo theed palace docking bay

Naboo


Starships (4)

Bossk in hounds tooth

Zuckuss in mist hunter

Chimaira

Dengar in punishing one


Effects (6)

Presence of the force x2

Reactor terminal 

Visage of the emperor x3


Weapons (7)

Intruder missile x4

Mara jade`s lightsaber

Maul`s lightsaber

Snoova`s vibro ax


Interrupts (14)

The circle is now complete x3

Vader`s obsession x2

Dark rage

Elis herlot x2

Counter assault 

Imperial barrier x2

Neimodian advisor x2 

Force lightning


Epic event (1)

Deep hatred


Defensive shields

You cannot hide forever

Come here you big coward

We&#8217;ll let fate decide a huh

Do they have a code clearance?

Fanfare

Oppressive enforcement

Battle order

You`ve never won a race

Allegations of corruption

A useless gesture

'

Strategy: '

You can start by getting the naboo docking bay from your reserve deck using imperial arrest order. It depends on what the opponent is playing whether you go down to them or drain on naboo. Try and get out deep hatred because you can use that for the duelling. You can send Vader down to obi wan`s site and duel and they will lose 9 force and place out of play. You can put backup characters there or you can use elis herlot to transport him back to naboo. There is very good destiny in the deck for duelling and battling and for the counter assaults.


You get good force generation from the naboo sites and good force draining. Lightsabers add to it and the presence of the forces. Imperial barrier is for stopping a character from battling. The 3 visage of the emperor is for the destiny and the 4 intruder missiles are just for destiny and duelling. If you are draining on naboo and you have Elis herlot and you see an opportunity to beatdown then play it, it`s very good.


-vs- lightsaber combat

quite hard matchup, try and get out deep hatred for your destiny&#8217;s and once they deploy obi wan combat him and you should win and they lose 9 force and obi wan. Try and convert their sites so your game text is much better and try to outdrain and play counter assult if you see the opportunity.


-vs- there is good in him

deploy the naboo docking bay and try to get out your sites so you can start draining, send vader over and capture luke and beat up the other rebels and if they deploy obi wan combat him and make them lose 9 force. Drain on naboo and at the system, if they play kessel or endor go to them and try to kick them off. U-3PO 	can cancel a force drain.


-vs- profit

with their objective deploy mara jade and snoova, your turn deploy both their weapons on them and the docking bay and send vader over when you`ve got him, battle the opponent and duel when they deploy obi wan and luke and drain at the naboo system. 










'