---
layout: archive
author: ! Zane "Godzanet" Thorp
title: ! "It is about damn time we got our revenge"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-31
description: ! "A lightsaber combat deck that well you know, duels and drains and stuff..."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)

Let Them Make The First Move/ At Last We Will Have Revenge

Deep Hatred

Naboo Theed Palace Generator

Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core

Prepared Defenses

Wipe Them Out, All Of Them

Crush The Rebellion

Mobilization Points

Fear Is My Ally


Defensive Shields (10)

A Useless Gesture

Allegations Of Corruption

Battle Order

Do They Have A Code Clearance?

Fanfare

Resistance

Secret Plans

There Is No Try

We’ll Let Fate Decide, Huh?

You’ve Never Won A Race?


Locations (2)

Blockade Flagship Bridge

Rendili


Characters (18)

Lord Maul x4

Darth Vader with Lightsaber x3

Emperor Palpatine x2

Darth Sidious x2

Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter x2

IG-88 with Riot Gun x2

4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Janus Greejatus x2


Starships (4)

Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Dengar in  Punishing One

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2


Weapons (2)

Maul’s Double-Bladed Lightsaber


Effects (10)

Blast Door Controls

Colo Claw Fish

Lateral Damage

Search And Destroy

The Phantom Menace x4

Visage Of The Emperor x2


Interupts (15)

Evader & Monnok

Force Lightning x2

I Have You Now x2

Masterful Move x3

Masterful Move & Endor Occupation

Maul Strikes x2

The Circle Is Now Complete

We Must Accelerate Our Plans x3

'

Strategy: '

Reflections III has probably made one of the biggest impacts on SWCCG since the really awesome TIE Bomber out of Dagobah. Ok hold on, back to reality. 


Reflections III brought all of us wonderful players Lightsaber Combat. It has made us all change the way we play our decks, so it wouldn’t be right for me not to post my version of this beast. 

Any questions? No? Well then, let’s move on shall we.


LOCATIONS

The locations for this deck are pretty simple. I play Mob. Points to pull Rendili to have somewhere to satisfy Battle Plan. Plain and simple. The Blockade Flagship Bridge is a place to put Sidious so that he can do his dirty work.


CHARACTERS

The ideal characters to hold the Naboo sites are Lord Maul, of course, and Emperor Palpatine. The reasons being that Maul is the dueling machine, and Palpatine is immune to attrition, plus you can put Janus there to add to the force drain fun. 

Darth Sidious is in there for the Light Side Combat. Take out Qui-Gon once and never deal with him again. Plus in a pinch, he can duel also. Not bad for an old guy.

The rest of the crew is for beats. Vader, Boba Fett, and IG-88 is a mighty lethal combo. That is 4 battle destinies, and with the destiny in this deck, it could be a backbreaker for your opponent.  4-LOM goes with Zuckuss to add a destiny. Or if you need to, throw Fett and IG-88 on the Mist Hunter for another lethal combination. Just use the rest of the characters to beat. That is all. Nothing high tech. Nothing hard to pull off. Just good old beat down fun.


INTERUPTS

Nothng special here.


EFFECTS

Colo Claw Fish exists only for one reason. To get an autocapture versus Qui-Gon. It’s pretty easy with Masterful Move and a Phantom Menace. Any questions?


So what can I say about this deck and matchups? Well I can say this, it does well against almost every light deck type out there.


Hidden Base

It has problems with Hidden Base, go figure since they cannot cancel your drains, but still it’s a hard matchup. Just set up your drains like normal, and try hard to hit them hard in space with one battle. Hopefully you will be able to out drain them. That is all that I have to say about that.


Moving on...


Light Side Combat

This has got to be one of the most fun matchups in the game. But as I have found out, it requires a lot of skill and tracking to pull it off. And since I don’t play any of the cards that cancel a duel destiny it can really be rough, but this deck has done pretty good  against light combat decks. Just try to keep a steay supply of 7’s and you should do well. Most light players are going to grab your Masta Moves, so use them wisley. 


And better yet...


Watch Your Step

Thankfully, in my area, these have seemed to die out. Yeah But for Combat, this match is a piece of cake. Nothing they can do really. Just drain them out and park you beat force in the Cantina for ultimate fun. 


Now for some general comments.


Why I do not use battle evasion.

 This seems to be a popular tactic with this objective, but I don’t like playing that way. I am not sure why, it just has never worked out for me in the past. This way has seemed pretty succesful, so I will stick with it. PLEASE do not rate this deck low because I don’t use it. So it is not a standard deck. Don’t take off for that. 


Why I play Darth Sidious.

He is the man versus Light Side Combat. All you have to do is beat Qui-Gon once. That is damn cool.


Why no Blow Parried(or whatever the Dark Side version is called)

I have never needed to use the card. Even when I play against Light Side combat, I have a pretty easy time winning the duels. That is why. I have confidence in my tracking skills. 

"Chicks dig guys with confidence."


Well I hope that you have enjoyed this session with Dark Side combat. I know I have. 

Thanks for reading.


Enjoy. Rate Nice.

Play on.








'