---
layout: archive
author: ! garrett "deadbody" larson
title: ! "It Tastes like Hurting       "
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-11
description: ! "Okay Agents with some new goofy crap tossed in only 2 sanctioned losses in 3 tournaments."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'start 9

Fear is my Ally

Wipe them out, all of them

IAO&Secret Plans

YCHF&MPts

Prepared Def.

Xixor

Corescant IC

Old Skool Corescant system

Agents/whatever this side is called


Sites5

Blockade Flagship Bridge

Blockade Flagship Hallway

Blockade Flagship DB

New Skool Corescant DB (battle ground)

Carida


Guys (and ladies)20

3x Palpy

2x Guri

4-lom w/ gun

P-59 

IG w/ gun

2x Boba Fett BH

Dengar w/gun

2x Vigo

Murttoc Yine (he’s the only spy for this decktype TECH)

Snoova

Aurra Sing

Bossk w/gun

Xixor (I only play 2)

Jodo Kast, Jodo Kast where??

Bane Malar


Green things 2

Vibro Axe

Aurras Gun


Blue 3

Zuckuss in ship

Dengar in ship

Bossk in ship


Effects3

Search and Destroy

Blast Door controls (Me no like barrier)

First strike (why not?)


Interuppts17

3x Imperial barrier

2x Oh Switch off

2x Hidden weapons

Monnok

Young Fool

Twi’Lek

Force Lighting

We must accelerate

Jabbas through with you

ghhhk

Masterful Move

Sniper and Dark Strike

Shut him up or shut him down



podracers 1

Sebulbas pod '

Strategy: '

update 1-25-02 okay since some people don’t know how to play this deck, or don’t like some of what I typed earlier, I only put the hardest matchups in that section, if you really want I can tell you all the decks that it will kill, but good players don’t need to know that.  I might switch one of the GHHHKS for the combo since it will allow me to cancel dodge, but the masterful move is staying as the regular one.  Battle Plan usually helps me, since I just draw to get my 3 ships (when they are in my force pile) and then deploy them together, they are pretty hard to take down, and since I don’t give away much force 4 with all my sites out Batle plan usually slows down both players so I’m still on even footing. It tastes like hurting wasn’t directly the simpsons quote but a person at work liked to say it that way, and It sounded funnier to me.  Most people around here don’t drop jedi to both sites, since they use them to try and slow me down.  But if they do the Bountyhunters can take the jedi off one site so palpy can drop.  I have never had a problem with LSC.  And I was wrong labria is also a spy you can play in this deck, oh well I’d just switch him for Murtooc since Labria is slightly better.  










Okay this is a fairly basic deck to play.  Fist turn pull Carida, activate.  Pull a DB determine whats in your hand and force pile.  If you can back up Xixor or have a barrier in FP deploy corescant DB and move Xixor, if not deploy Flagship DB.  Then get Xixor to the flagship DB, and Palpy to the Flagship hallway.  Give them some backup (usually Jodo Kast and a Vigo for Palpy, and Guri and Vigo for Xixor)  Nw you activate, and use your objective to get high destiny cards back, while only picking up what you need to go on a Bounty Hunter Beatdown.  Murtoc Yine is TECH, everyone thinks Agents plays w/o spies, so he could get you a beatdown by himself.  Any other specific questions d-mail me before rating. On to the matchups


LS combat, Do your thing draining and stacking till you have good enough destiny to lose the duel by less than 5 (not real hard) then drop palpy w/some backup to the site where Jedi are higher power.  When they move over and duel they are stuck beat them down next turn.  Farily easy game.


HB Flip, a hard matchup but ghhhk and S+D give you the edge.  Probe them and you win.  You will start fast so use that to your advantage.


TR mains a very hard matchup back guys up, use your barriers and character removal well, and you should be able to win.


WYS the hardest matchup, and the only deck that has beaten this.  Try to play smart, get rid of luke if you can, save Guri for when you go on a beatdown, and keep your ships together.


this is a very fun deck to play but it isn’t easy build and tweak if you want but play a few times beore taking to a tourney.


mad props go out to Justin Alfs for helping with the ideas and building of this deck.  You da man.



Deadbody out   '