---
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: we dont need a sticking hypergenerator
side: Light
date: 2002-04-29
description: stack cards
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting
hypergenerator is gone
boonta eve podrace
credits will do fine
anakin podracer
podracer bay
city outshirts
wattos junkyard
(effect) u can choose
defensive shields

characters:
lieutnant chamberlynn
talon karrde
qui-hon jinn x2
obi one the jedi x2
ric olie
liana merian
rio bibble
supreme chncellor valorum
tendau bendon
yarun x2
hurox ryyder
graxol kelvyyn
debnoli
lando with axe
padme
lieut. wlliams
corporal rushing
jerus jannick
freon orevan
qui gon with stick
jar jar x2
rep ben

locations:
tat db bay 94

weapons:
stun blaster x2
amidale blaster

interupts:
rebel artilery x3
out of commison combo x2
glaccing blow
alter combo 
nabrun leids
i’ve decided to go back x2
yodas stew combo
step backward x5
pod racer prep
inconsequential barriers
i have a really bad feeling about this
free ride combo x2

effects:
i hope she is allright
goo nee tay



Strategy: 

This is profit ridden all over it. Take cards for drain and battling there and use out of commision to take them out. Its a good deck with few problems i see. no real power. destinys are there its huge but no power. 

SOme card choices:
stun blaster-if u know how to track its a killer card. it sends them in to ur hand. decent destiny. u can u rebel artillery. u cant go wrong

3 jins- its a great card in this deck. deploys for 6-7 with alien protection.

free ride combo: it kills occupation and makes me look at there hand for a turn...wow

yoda stew combo: i have no idea. i have never used this card. 

ott combo: kills mains if u do a direct assualt. kills hunt down too.




First turn: podrace and deploy quin jin. 
second turn start draining and see what happens.

Against some decks:

HUnt down: it kills it. it will over retive and keep the wattos place secure dont worry. spread late game with few battles its a game

Droids: its a deadly deck. becreful and go after them in ur own time. timeing is required.

Hoth: go after them after a while. drain and stack with pod race will doom them

senate ties: senate is no problem with this deck. stall in senate with drain in watto with pod race it will kill them.

Tell me whats wrong in english please. i appereicate any help. see u in vegas people 