---
layout: archive
author: ! Gabe "Phillipe2" Drapos
title: ! "Revised Choke Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-18
description: ! "Hope its better than the last one. Please post specific changes if possible"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (1)

Heading for the medical frigate 

>Locations (10) 

>Naboo

>Yavin 4

>Raithal   

>Coruscant Jedi Council Chamber  

>Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)

>Hoth Echo Med Lab

>Hoth Echo Docking Bay

>Hoth Defensive Perimeter

>Hoth Power Generators

>Hoth Snow Trench


>Ships (8) 

>Correlian Corvette x 4 Back up other ships

>Millenium Falcon Drain in space

>Outrider Drain in space

Red Squadron 4 Drain in space

Queens Royal Starship Drain in space


> 

>Characters (15) 

>Ric Olie Pilot Queens Royal Starship

>Han Solo Pilot Millenium Falcon

> Artoo, Brave Little Droid Pilot Queens Royal Starship

>Derek "Hobbie" Klivian Pilot Red Squadron 4 

>BoSheck Pilot Millenium Falcon

>Dash Rendar Pilot Outrider

>Chewie, Enraged Defend various sites

>Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout Defend EBO

>Bothan Spy Get to sites where I don&#8217;t have presence

>Jerus Jannick Defend leaders while with Leia

>Princess Organa Increase force drain at Hoth

>Plo Koon Protect council chamber from force drain

>Yoda, Master Of The Force  Protect council chamber from force drain

>Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner Defend EBO

>Qui-Gon Jinn Defend EBO

> 

>Effects (17) 

>Traffic Control  Get all of the cards I need out and put the ones I don&#8217;t back in

>Haven  Get extra force activation

>We Didn’t Hit It Cause opponent to use more force for deploying ships

>Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice Help protect my revolutions

>Wars Not Make One Great Cause it to be harder for battles to be initiated 

>Revolution x3 Choke opponent (or increase force drain) 

>Logistical Delay Cause opponent to use more force to deploy ships

>Civil Disorder Opponent must deploy characters or lose force

>Order To Engage Opponent must initiate a battle or lose force

>Nabrun Leids x 3  Get characters around

>Squadron assignments Get ships and pilots out

>Echo Base Operations x2 Increase force drain


>Interrupts (4) 

>Rebel Barrier x 2 Prevent ships from moving and battling 

>The Signal x 2 Get effects out



>Creatures (2) 

>Nudj x 2 Choke opponent


Weapons (3)

Anakin&#8217;s Lightsaber

Obi Wan&#8217;s Lightsaber

Qui Gon&#8217;s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Strategy


Starting Heading for the medical frigate.  Effect 1) Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice.  Effect 2) Squadron Assignments.  Effect 3)We Didn’t Hit It

Starting Location Hoth Main Power Generators


Get out Traffic Control and Wars Not Make One Great as soon as possible.  Continue to draw until I get Civil Disorder, Logistical Delay, and Order to Engage.  At the same time getting my EBO starting.  As soon as I can I will deploy nudjs and Revolutions to the majority of the locations.  Get Ric Olie on the queen’s royal starship with artoo, brave little droid and deploy them to Raithal.  Get Han on the falcon with BoSheck to Yavin 4.  And deploy a Corellian Corvette to each of the planets.  Deploy the Outrider with Dash, Red Squadron 4 with Derek, and Corellian Corvettes to various enemy planets.  Drain at all of these planets.  Use the rest of my characters to battle and keep the enemy busy on ground.  I will arm luke obi and qui gon with their lightsabers.  Once EBO is completely in position I will deploy the exterior hoth sites.  I will use the lightsabers to increase the drain.  Now they are being drained at both ground and space.  This will prevent them from concentrating in space.  Continue to drain in space while choking and battling on ground.  

The Civil Disorder and Order to engage forces them to use force they might want to use in other places.  With Wars not make one great it causes a player to have to use two force instead of one to initiate a battle.  So they are using their force where they don’t want to.  Being choked everywhere except for the places where they are being drained.  And before you know it the games over.

Okay, basically it’s a choke and drain deck.  I think its pretty powerful… if you could give me some suggestions that would be great  

'