---
author: matt "Tasa" wehner
title: V-Cards: Sucky or UnSucky?
side: Light
date: 2002-03-12
description: A lightside mains and toys that abuses ONE of the new V-Cards...the only GOOD one...
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Local Uprising

Locations:6
Tatooine
Tousch Station 
Lars Moisture Farm 
Tat City Outskirts
Farm
SpacePort Docking Bay

Characters: 19
Lando, Scoundral
Jedi Luke
EPP Han 
Ardon Vapor Crell x2
Ben Kenobi x2
EPP Obi Wan 
Owen and Beru Lars x2
Chewbacca, Enraged 
Bomarr Monk x2
Jedi Luke x2
Boussh 
RIII Leia
Enhanced Qui Gon
Qui Gon (Tat)


Starships: 1
Han, Chewie, and The Falcon


Interrupts: 19
Nabrun 
Clash of Sabers 
Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Profiecency
Glancing Blow
Harvest x4
The Signal 
Mindful of the Future x2
It Could Be Worse x3
Rebel Barrier x2
Life Debt x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate


Effects: 6
Mechanical Failure
Thrown Back
Disarmed
Goo Ney Tay
Sai’torr Kal Fas = Starting
Another Pathtic Lifeform = Starting

Weapons:4
Obi’s Stick 
Anakin’s Stick 
Luke’s Stick
QuiGons Stick (tat)

Devices:3
Hydroponics Station x2
Vaporator 

Defensive Shields
Grabber
Do Or do Not
Wise Advice
Aim High
Podracing One
Ultimattium
and the other good ones.... 

Strategy: 

Okay, here’s a little strat.

First, use the Obj to start the Farm.  That’s some good starting activation, plus you can pull your docking bay at no additional cost of a starting effect.  

You’ll want to get the Tosche Station and City Outskirts down together (pull a Jedi and move him over for activation...hell yeah).

Lars Farm is in there for the obvious force retrival, try waiting to deploy this untill you have your Harvest ready and in need of retrieval.  

Also, note that all the sites (cept Tosche) are two icons on your side, meaning with Nar Shadda, you’ll get good drains and with Arden down you’ll get even better ones.

Also, Farm can pull the first Hydroponics STation.

Character selection is pretty simple.  Ben is a hoss, so is Jedi Luke.  Remember to use Sai’torr each time you deploy someone, and if you’re cautious you can use the Objective’s text to look for a diamond site before you go looking for someone’s matching weapon.

Boushh sucks, sure, but she’s good against force drains, much like her RIII counter part, each can weild Ani’s stick.  

Han, Chewie and Falcon are there for air support if someone doesn’t think you have space and leaves an unprotected ship thinking they can hold a drain at Tatooine or something.


The interrupt choices are clear, I think.  Everything is just sorta supposed to "mess" with your opponent and be good for the cheap retrieval.  I don’t like It Could Be Worse at all, but I needed something to fend against Combat’s drains and something to make the opponent waste their grabber so Harvest runs free.

Use the Mindful’s to get out Tosche and City Outskirts.

The effects are here for amusement pretty much.  They all pack their own power, but you can use and lose these to your delight for retrieval.  

Mechinical Failure is always fun and surprising for any deck, and it’s a decent destiny to toss away to retrieve if they have no Blizzards.  
Goo Ney Tay could come out since the Bo’Marrs give up force, but, at the same time, early game it’s good...

I wanted a third starting effect, but honestly couldn’t find one.


I konw there are only one of each of the main’s weapons, but that should do really.  If Harvest can get through ungrabbed, you wouldn’t need more than one of the sabers.  Just make sure to use Gui Gon’s original, as the effect can pull it right out once he’s deployed, so you don’t need a high destiny one.  Also, this one adds to drains.

The Hydroponics Station and Vaporator are a personal fav dating back to the days of Maelstrom.  These here have a force drain bonus and a drawing bonus, not too shabby.  

If you feel like you need any room to put in "better" cards, take out GOo Ney Tay and the Devices, they are permenite to winning.

MatchUps

I have no idea what you’alls environment is, so I’ll just match what I think used to be strong.

Combat - yeah I know, the Jedi’s can’t drain.  But with It Could Be Worse you can "block" drains and use your other characters (Leia, Lando, Chewie, Han, Arden, Bo’Marrs, EPP Luke) to drain on Tat and protect yourself with Barriers, Sorry Bout The Mess, and Glancing Blow.  Do your best to weaken their side and attack their weakest location.

Bring Him BeFore Me - This deck should be able to handle BHBM.  It’s a toss up for giving up Luke, you’d have to make that decision based on how good you think your opponent is.  Glancing Blow and Disarmed mess up Vader pretty bad, but watch out for the D*II Emperor.

Invasion - This obj gets a lot of play in our area because of it’s easy flip, good start, and cheap deploy.  Use Boush to blow drain(s) on Naboo and try to use It Could Be Worse/Harvest to stay alive.  With the devies and Arden and Bo’Marr you should be able to out drain.

Hunt Down - Who doesn’t feel this.  I’m not sure how this game would go, but if you don’t deploy Bo’Marrs you give up very little force, making Hunt Down create their own.  This is a frightening obj to get matched against with almost any deck (cept maybe Combat), so, play your best and keep your fingers crossed.  Focus again on messin up Vader, look out for Maul, and use those Barriers/It Could Be Worse’s as best as possible.

