---
author: Spencer "s_ skywalker" Ball
title: Hidden Base Solid
side: Light
date: 2002-02-08
description: The deck includes a good selection of characters to beat down, as well as, fulfill menace fades and battle plan. The space package is unbelievably designed. It can deal some good damage. But the most important thing about this deck is how it shuts down th
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (7)
Hidden Base/The More Systems will Slip Through&#8230;
Rendezvous Point
Hidden Base Indicator
Heading for the Boat
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Menace Fades
An Unusual Amount of Fear
10 Shields of your choice (choose according to your meta)

Locations: (6)
Endor 
Tatooine (new skool)
Kessel
Kiffex
Sullust
<> Forest 

Characters: (16)
Qui-Gon Jinn w/ Saber x2
Luke w/ Saber x2
Obi w/ Saber
Han w/ Blaster Pistol
Leia, Rebel Princess
Ric Olie
Corran Horn
General Calrissian
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Derek &#8216;Hobbie&#8217; Kivvian
Jek &#8216;Large & in charge&#8217; Porkins
Mirax Terrik
Dash Rendar

Starships: (8)
Gold Squadron 1
Queen&#8217;s Royal Starship
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Red 6
Spiral
Pulsar Skate
Outrider

Weapons: (3)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x3

Effects: (3)
Honour of the Jedi
Bacta Tank
Order to Engage

Interrupts: (16)
Sorry About the Mess & Blaster Proficiency
All Wings Report In & Darklighter Spin
Strangle
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
The Signal x2
Rebel Barrier
A Jedi&#8217;s Resilience
Stay Sharp!
It Could Be Worse
Power Pivot
It&#8217;s a Hit x2
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach x2
Houjix & Out of Nowhere

Admiral&#8217;s Orders: (1)
I&#8217;ll Take the Leader


Strategy: 

******update 1.0********
- sorry i didn’t realize that my deck matchups were not accurate for saber combat, and walker garrison. i fixed them to reflect this. also, a deck change:
- order to engage is out
- add another captain han.
******end update*********8

Thanks for looking at my deck. Well this is my Hidden Base Solid Deck. It is a solid deck, using the Hidden Base Platform; thus the name: Hidden Base Solid. After playing WYS for a long time, I decided that it was time to build something that was a little bit more solid, than my already solid WYS. The deck includes a good selection of characters to beat down, as well as, fulfill menace fades and battle plan. The space package is unbelievably designed. It can deal some good damage. But the most important thing about this deck is how it shuts down the opponent. Once you set up, and flip the objective. You will be cancelling two of the opponent’s best drains. If they want to get more drains through then they will have to spread out a little bit. This is where you pounce on them with your big guns (mains and toys). With the opponent almost completely shut down, you will have plenty of time to set up some well-coordinated attacks on your opponent. 

Start out by pulling General Calrissian, via. Strike Planning. Activate & pull out Endor. Deploy GC (general calrissian) to rendezvous point on gold squadron 1 using Squadron Assignments. Move him over to Endor for free. (endor system text). Don’t forget that the opponent doesn’t activate at Endor. (strike planning text) So second turn you giving your opponent no force. Nice. So begin setting up space. Once you have got your systems out and the opponent drains you then flip. Pull out your systems in this order: Endor, Sullust, Tatooine, Kiffex, Kessel. Its not that important but I feel it works best that way. Once you have flipped, and you have space locked down, your gonna want to start to think about the ground. Get that bacta tank out either by drawing it, using Mirax Terrik to get it or using one of your two the signals. Obviously you do realize that the Cannons own in space, just make sure to save a force and hold on to your barrier and you’ll have nothing to worry about. So get a ground force together that reflects what you need to accomplish or what you’ll be going up against. Its pretty straight forward but Leia, Rebel Princess owns against so many decks: MKOS, AOBS, etc… etc.. etc.. any aliens without imperials she takes tremendous advantage upon.
Sorry about the mess is sweet for taking out a character you hit. Remember to use your Bacta Tank properly. If you use it properly, no too many people should be dieing, but coming back turn after turn.

With the cancelling of drains, your drains in space and the constant beat downs on the ground you are almost sure to win.

Card Descriptions:

Strangle – I hate people capturing my mains. And since the place for characters to get captured is on the ground, then most of those guys are packing 5+ power so this card will work like a charm. Track something nice, or take your chances with a random destiny. Either way the outcomes are great. Nothing is better than to laugh at your opponent when you strangle there Snoova or their Jodo Kast. Its especially good against AOBS.

Stay Sharp! – With the three x-wing laser cannons in this deck, this card takes advantage of the high destiny of the cannons. Add the destiny number to your power in that battle and it’s a used interrupt and a 4 destiny. Play this card add 5 to your power. Works well.

It’s a hit/It could be worse – it’s a hit has a duel purpose, one is to protect against its worse, secondly it cancels drains at sites related to a system you occupy. The it’s a hit/it could be worse combo is great at reducing damage against you. You’ll be surprised at the difference that these cards make in one’s deck.

Order to Engage – in space decks this is a very good card. It is good if your opponent is trying to probe but no battle your starships present. If they don’t want to battle they can lose 3. 

Ric Olie & Queen’s Royal Starship – ric olie is the greatest pilot ever, matched up with the Queen’s royal starship he is a beast. He is a must in any space-oriented deck.

<> Forest – this beauty is great. Your characters at this site are immune to attrition. This is huge with epps. Its great for fulfilling battle order/battle plan and menace fades. And it is a great spot to put luke when you play AOBS. 

Deck matchups:

Lightsaber Combat - Your ground is weakened severly. Set up quickly, and later in the game deploy some jedi together in a group. tough game.

Walker Garrison – set up, cancel two of their drains, get out honour. Set up menace fades. Take over the hoth system, thus cancelling rebel base occupation. Then play it’s a hit on any drains that get through your cancellation of 2 locations. Be sure to send some well-coordinated attacks down to hoth. if they are using the new effect it might be a lil tuffer.

Hunt Down – Cancel their drains, try and get corran down to the holotheatre to cancel visage. It’s an average matchup, just lock them down and use your attacks well.

AOBS – Please. This deck owns AOBS. Bith shuffle combo x2 is in not only to cancel their beloved imperial barrier but also to shuffle their so importantly coordinated reserve deck. Strangle is in there to strangle any bounty hunters that may take your characters hostage (especially luke). Get luke, with some backup down to the <> Forest. Easy matchup, simply because I had this deck in mind when desging this. As well as DS Combat.

Senate – Well, this can be a tough matchup vs. senate ties. Try to deploy ships sparcely, so that you can attack and fire you cannons first. Rebel barrier is key in this. This matchup is tough but winnable.

BHBM – give them luke, cancel two of their drains. Beating down is key. Keep in mind that this matchup is an auto-win unless, they are running Security Precaustions like many bhbm. In this case it will be more difficult. Remember that there is more to battling then battle damage so its not a deck killer, only a deck inconvenience.

Maul decks – Qui-gon is key. Cancelling two of their drains, and there weak space will seal off the game. Easy matchup.

TDIGWATT – set up menace fades, battle plan. Set up hidden base and get it flipped. Take over bespin when your ready. Fairly easy-matchup if you play it properly.

Well that pretty much covers it all. Thanks a lot for looking though my deck. I hope it has helped you out in someway or you can help me out with some helpful comments or suggestions. Thanks for the Reviews.

May the Force Be With You!

This is Ball signing out…. 

