---
layout: archive
author: ! Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: ! "2ManPowerTrip"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-05
description: ! "Until the Raw Deal sectioni is up, I’m just gonna post my Raw Deal decks here."
rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

'Superstar [1]

The Two Man Power Trip


BACKLASH DECK

Pre-Match [6]

Premier WWF Superstar

Backed by Mr. McMahon

Tag Team Titles

Old School Wrestling Match

Calling You Out

Taunt the Fans


Mid-Match [6]

And That’s the Bottom Line...

Dirty Low Blow x2

Don’t Mess with the Champ x2

Backlash


DECK

Reversals [11]

Elbow to Face x3

Manager Interferes x3

Step Aside

Triple H’s Reverse Neckbreaker

Double Digits

Eye Rake

No Chance In Hell


Maneuvers [17]

Clutch Onto Opponent x3

Apply Illegal Leverage x3

Superkick x2

Neckbreaker x3

Leaping Knee to the Face

Ambush Finale

Chair Shot

Drive Opponent Thru Announcer’s Table

Chain Lashing

Austin Elbow Smash


Actions [32]

Ego Boost x3

Bait Opponent x2

Moongoose x 3

JR Style Slobber Knocker x2

Roll out of the Ring x3

Puppies Puppies x2

Commision-ER Rules x2

Backed by Stephanie McMahon x2

Defensive Posture x2

Enter the Stratusphere x2

Heel Turn

Irish Whip

Flip Over the Corner Ringpost

I am the Game

Open up a Can of Whoop-Ass

I’ve Got Two Words For Ya....

Rattlesnake Rulz

Its Time to Play the Game

Stagger













'

Strategy: '

If you have the highest superstar value, your pre-match phase should go like this


Tag Team Belts

Backed by McMahon

Old School / Calling You Out / Premier WWF Superstar


If Opponent plays Old School, start this


Tag Belts

Backed by McMahon


This gives you a GREAT START.


Hopefully, you will get an Ego Boost in your opening hand. Since, preferably, your beginning handsize will be 9, possibly 11 if opponent choses to let you draw 2 {cuz of Backed by McMahon}. 


For the first 3-4 turns, play Turtle, and wait for them to make a mistake. Like, playing a maneuver that is "Elbowable". Elbow it. Get the 2F. Then, Open a Can, and unleash pure 100% WHOOP-ASS on their roody poo candy-Asses


If Opponent is FACE, Heel Turn helps a little. Remember not to play more then 2 actions a turn.


If you have any cards in your discard pile, and you have less fortitude then the opponent, Don’t Hesitate to use Don’t Mess with the Champ. Its a GAME SAVER. Retreiving up to 9, and drawing 2 cards, is an unbeleviable boost.


Card combo’s


Ego Boost--Bait Opponent---Neckbreaker

Thats 8D unreversable. It gives you 8F. And opponent must discard a card. And if the opponent is Stone Cold or the 2MPT, you get to look at their hand. Then, if you have the Austin Elbow Smash in hand, you can play it right then, and have 18F.


D-Mail me if you have any other questions about this deck. I am Ranked 57th in the World in Raw Deal. 








'