---
layout: archive
author: ! john "yodazoid" dude
title: ! "RUNAWAY SLAVES"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-03-18
description: ! "An awesome slave mains deck with EPPs"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6)

Podrace prep

Echo base garrison

Boonta eve podrace

Anikins Racer

Podrace arena

slave quarters


Characters(19)

Shmi Skywalker(x2)

3PO with parts showing(x2)

Luke w/saber(x3)

Lando Calrissian, scoundrel(x2)

Obi-Wan w/saber(x2)

Qui-gon jinn, jedi master

Qui-gon jinn

Chewie w/blaster

Leia, Rebel princess

Leia w/gun

Han W/gun(x2)

Chewie Enraged


Weapons(3)

Qui-gon’s saber

Qui-gon jinns saber

Chewbacca’s bowcaster


Interrupts(26)

A jedi’s Resilience(x4, best card ever)

Run luke run(x2)

Sorry about the mess/blaster prof(x2)

Wookiee strangle

OOC/TT

TT

Rebel Barrier(x2)

I know(x2)

Life Debt(x2)

Protector

On the edge

tunnel vision

slight weapons malfunction

weapon lev

too close for comfort

The force is strong with this one

Step backward(x2)


Sites(2)

Naboo theed palace generator core

Home one war room


Effects(3)

Meditation

Your insight serves you well

bacta tank


Other(1)

I did it

'

Strategy: '

*I accidently posted this deck twice. Sorry Look for the other one. it has the same name.


*you may want to put in a few more sites for drains incase they are staying in space.


I built this deck the other day and thought it was pretty good so I put it on the site.  I will go over the basics of the cards.


To start the game you start a podrace and pull shmi and 3po for tracking. you pull I did it and a bacta tank and move shmi to the podrace arena so 3po doesn’t die. 

The characters can just go down wherever you want them to kill the opponent. 

The interrupts help out a lot

Run Luke Run gets luke to the site where a battle is taking place. 

Jedi’s resilience lets you pull dead epps right back to your hand.

SATM/BP kills people immediately. good for tarkin

Meditation adds 3 to weapon destiny and a destiny

Wookiee strangle 2 force to kill vader with an enraged wookiee

too close for comfort cancels dark podracing cards or opponents targeting

The force is strong with this one adds destiny

I know adds destiny or really helps when Han is alone at a site

Life Debt a life saver and a suprise. Deploy enraged chewie for free

protector adds destiny or lose chewie to make opponent really mad

weapon lev stealing weapons so they cant target you

Slight weapons malfunction adds destinies

tunnel vision search your force pile

on the edge for retrieval

Barriers clobber them next turn

Transmission terminated cancels visage.


The rest of what you want the deck to do is up to you. I just wait for them to come down and then clobber them.  '