---
layout: archive
author: ! Jason "3RD EYE" Gillman
title: ! "Ephants Ties"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-27
description: ! "This is a variation of an older deck. (Faramir)Props for the bunker-ephant combo."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost


Starting (7)


Endor

EndorDocking Bay

EndorBunker

Prepared Defences

Mobilization Points

Power Of The Hutt

Colo Claw Fish


Locations (5)


Sullust

Wakeelmui

Rendili

Kashyyyk

Kiffix


Characters (2)


Arica 

Ephant Mon


Starships (23)


Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x3

The Emperors Shield

Death Star Assault Squadron

Zuckuss in ship

Bossk in ship

Tie Interceptor x16


Interrupts (8)


Short Range Fighters

All Power To Weapons x4

Ghhhk Combo x2

Sense Combo


Effects (10)


Fighters Straight Ahead

Reactor Terminal

Something Special Planned For Them

Dreaded Imperial Starfleet

Well Guarded

Ominous Rumors

Sienar Fleet Systems

Perimeter Patrol

Lateral Damage

Imperial Decree


Weapons (3)


Laser Projector

SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x2


'

Strategy: '

Edit 1--You can use arica for the sense. Hardpack---nice idea. As for the locations...Kiffix=drain of 2, and ive switched rendidli for gall,i dont need more force to play with. Thanks guys.


 First turn Pull Ephant and deploy him to the bunker. Put some ties at Endor if you have an all power to weapons. Pull Wakeelmui using mob. points. Get O. rumors and deploy it.


   Second Turn Drain for 2, and so forth.


   This deck is one of the best Ive ever seen. Props to Faramir for the idea and original deck.


   Put the laser projector at the bunker. Put a 5 destiny on colo claw fish, in case Jar Jar wants to play. If you lose ephant, dont fret. Retrieve him with sienar fleet systems.


   Put p. patrol on the bunker. They lose 1 force and cant move for the remainder of turn. Well Guarded is important if you think they are using grimtash. Once you are setup in space deploy decree to stop their bonuses. Arica can cancel a drain too. When you have lost a lot of force and have you ties out, retrieve 16 with short range fighters. Fighters coming in is great for generation, not that you would need it, but its greats for the squadrons.


   This is one of the most solid decks i have ever seen. Its weaknesses are jar jar and light endor decks. By the time those decks get all setup, you are already draining for 8 a turn.


'