---
layout: archive
author: ! Jared "Dark-Padawan" Majors
title: ! "a diffrent kind of profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-20
description: ! "I am a new player keep that in mind. This a profit with podraceing deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)

Tatooine

Kessel 

Coruscant

Tatooine Jabba"s Palace

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber

Tatooine Pod Race Arena 

Tatooine City Outskrits

Tatooine Marketplace

Naboo Theed Palace Docking Bay

Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core


Characters (18)

Han 

Qui-Gon Jinn, Jedi Master

Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel

LE-B02D9 ( Leebo)

Leia, Rebel Princess

Luke With LightSaber

Chewbacca, Protector

Leesub Sirln

Obi-Wan Kenobi, Jedi Knight

General Solo

Master Luke

Lando with Vibro-Ax

Obi-Wan Kenobi

Oola

Threepio with His Parts Showing

Jar Jar Binks

Dash Rendar

Corran Horn


Star Ships (4)

Red Leader in Red 1 

Gold Leader in Gold 1

Outrider

HA

Han, Chewie and the Falcon


Pod Racers (1)

Anakin’s Podracer


Interrupts (10) 

The Signal x2

A Few Maneuvers x2

Podrace Prep

Nabrum Leids 

Smoke Screen 

It Could Be Worse

Jedi Presnce

Someone who loves you


Effect(8) 

Kessel Run x2

Traffic Control 

Brisky Morning Munchen

An unuseal Amount Of fear

A remote Plant

No Disintegrations

Goo Nee Tay


Wepons (7) 

Intuder Missles x3

Obi-Wan’s lightsaber x2

Chewbacca"s Bowcaster

Qui-Gon’ Lightsaber


Epic Event (1) 

Boonta Eve Podrace


Objective (1) 

You can Either Profit By this/ Or be Destroyed '

Strategy: '

Put Down An Unuseal amount of Fear with any Deffsive Sheilds you have. Use the Objective to get down Jabba’s Palace and Audience Chamber, With Han Frozen there.(a captive) Use Podrace Prep to put down Podrace Arena, Anakin’s Podracer,Boonta Eve Podrace and one of the fallowing effects A remote Plant,Goo Nay Tay, or No Disinagrations. the effect deployed will depend on the deck your opponent has.  


First thing you do during your oppnents control phase, is start up a podrace. Snice most people don’t podrace they won’t have a podracer in their deck. So it will be an easy win most likely in four to five turns. Your opponent will lose 6 forcew to make up you not being able to force drain at Tatooine Locations. The six you gaain back should leave you with only one card lost if any.


Always leave yourself with at lest two cards to pull up each turn. Untill you get Leia, Rebel Princess in your hand along with Someone Who Loves You. Put Leia at Audience Chamber Free Han with Someone Who Loves you Then If Opponent Has people there move them away at the end of your turn.


Then Just sit back and make your Opponent lose force. Makeing kessel runs as needed. To regain eight force. going from Coruscant to Kessel and Back. Use the Outrider with Dash and Leebo piloting. so as opponent loses one force for you completeing the run. Note you will need the help of A Few Manvers to make the run. 


Also Know that it’s best not to battle with this deck.  '