---
author: Mathew "Bazzam" Morgan
title: The Three Rs [Two Towers Block]
side: Light
date: 2002-11-25
description: Take advantage of "Roaming" to boost your Rangers and hammer the Shadow.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting
  Frodo, Courteous Halfling
  The One Ring, Answer to All Riddles
  Faramir, Captain of Gondor
  Gondorian Ranger

Sites
  [1]Eastemnet Downs
  [2]Uruk Camp
  [3]Barrows of Edoras
  [4]Ered Nimrais
  [5]Hornburg Paclobert
  [6]Hornburg {{303}{Armor}}y
  [7]Hornburg Causeway
  [8]Wizard’s Vale
  [9]Palantir Chamber

Free People (34)
  Arrows Thick in the Air x 4
  Boromir, My Brother x 1
  Damrod, Ranger of Ithilien x 3
  Defend It and Hope x 2
  Faramir, Captain of Gondor x 1
  Faramir’s Cloak x 1
  Gondorian Ranger x 3
  Henneth Annun x 2
  Mablung, Solider of Gondor x 3
  {{10}{Pathfinder}} x 2
  Ranger’s Bow x 2
  Ranger of Ithilien x 4
  War and Valor x 2

Shadow
  Desert Spearman x 4
  Desert Warrior x 4
  Easterling Axeman x 4
  Easterling Lieutenant x 4
  Eastern {{240}{Emyn Muil}} x 2
  {{314}{Fear}}less x 2
  Men of Rhun x 2
  On the March x 2
  Southron Bowman x 4
  Southron Commander x 2
  Southron Wanderer x 2
  Whirling Strike x 2    

Strategy: 

Rangers, Roaming and Raiders

Okay, so Decipher did most of the work for me.  Funny thing is though, they’re right.  Cards from the same cultures compliment each other.  Go easy on me, this is my first deck.

The sites I selected either because they’d help get cards (Eastemnet Downs, Barrows of Edoras) or because their negative effect wouldn’t get me (Uruk Camp).  The next two expansions will most likely have sites more welcoming to these cultures.

The Free People (except Frodo) are all Gondorian, all Ring-bound, and all Rangers.  The Gondorian Ranger adds 2 to the site number of each minion (which, until the last couple of sites, will most likely make them “Roaming”) skirmishing a Ring-bound man (all the others in this deck).  Faramir and the Rangers of Ithilien have their strength pumped up, and Mablung can exert to exhaust the minion he’s skirmishing, all for no Twilight.

Since any minion assigned to any companion (except Frodo) will probably be “Roaming”, Arrows Thick in the Air suddenly does a whole lot of damage.  Faramir’s Cloak, Henneth Annun and Ranger’s Bow all help against “Roaming” minions.  Cards like Defend It and Hope, Ithilien Trap and Boromir, My Brother should be saved for the last sites when the “Roaming” advantage is lost.

The Shadow deck is pretty straightforward: pound the fellowship.  The Desert Men are in for their “pay to wound” ability, Easterling Lieutenants to aid Easterling Axemen in getting Burdens up (if the bearer does have two Burdens, a Strength 9 Fierce minion for 2 Twilight is pretty good).

The Southron Bowmen are there to let me choose whom I’ll give my archery wounds to.  The Commander and Wanderer were added to bother the Ring-bearer, and perhaps have my opponent give me something instead or risking Frodo.  The other Shadow cards are there to soup up my minions and are flexible enough to apply to any card I have out.

I know there’re weaknesses.  I probably don’t have enough companions, and they lack permanent strength increasers so I’ll be hurting in the late-game.  As for my Shadow, well, forget any kind of finesse.  I’ve just got to throw minions at the fellowship left right and center.
