---
author: maigne "uruk-nico" nicolas
title: R&D : Rohan Ring-bound with Dunlands
side: Light
date: 2002-11-27
description: heavy possession denial and site control.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Two Towers format
[36/36] deck

STARTING 
•The One Ring, The Rulling Ring
•Frodo, Tired Traveller
•Faramir, Captain of Gondor
Ranger of Ithilien

ADVENTURE DECK 
1 Eastemmet Downs
2 Rohirrim Village (3)
3 Westemmet Plains (1)
4 Ered Nimraïs (2)
5 Deeping Wall (7)
6 Great Hall (3)
7 Hornburg Causeway (6)
8 Ring of Isengard (7)
9 Orthanc Balcony (8)


FREE PEOPLES 

Companions (5+2) 
Gondorian Ranger X3
•Eomer, Third Marshall of Riddermark X2

Possessions 
•Faramir's Bow
•Faramir's Cloak
•Boromir, My Brother
Ranger's Bow X3
Ranger's Blade X3
{{180}{Hobbit Sword}} X2
•Eomer's Spear
•Firefoot
•Brego

Events 
War and Valor X4
New Errand X4
{{10}{Pathfinder}} X4

Conditions 
•Ithilien Trap X2
Weapon store


SHADOW 

Minions 
•Wulf, Dunlending Chieftain X2
Dunlending Arsonist X2
Dunlending Ransacker X2
Dunlending Looter X3
Wild Man of Dunland X3
•Hillman Horde X2
Dunlending Pillager X3
•Saruman, Rabble-Rouser X2
Hillman Tribe X4

Possessions 
War Club X2
Hides X2

Events 
Ravage the Defeated X2
Wild Man Raid
Burn Every Villages X4

Conditions 
•No Refuge
No Defense


Strategy: 

Free peoples 
Bid usualy 2 or 3.

It's a Ranger Ring Bound deck so you'll need to make the minions roaming. According to this, you have New Errant and Gondorian Ranger.

Against Dunlands : You'll need to be carefull not to play too many weapons. You can have 6 companions in play ( +1 since Eomer is Defender+1 with Firefoot), play them all. Don't forget archery phase and try to slow them by not permitting site control (win key skirmishies).

Against Uruks : Need some playtesting...

Against Raiders : They will be less effective since you only have 1 unbound compagnion. Try to be carefull of what you're playing and it would be ok.

Comments on cards:

Pathfinder is a key card of this deck. You need to play first since your shadow side will be more effective. But you also need site 2 or site 3 to immune your dunlands to archery. So pathfinder makes the connection between your free people and your shadow. You can run like mad and play your sites to boost your dunlands. Very effective in this deck.

Eomer is a great fighter and he's defender+1 when he has firefoot. I packed him in this deck for 3 reasons:
- He's strong,
- I can play weapon store to break down possession removal decks,
- I can play Brego. A great combo with Gondorian Ranger (not a good fighter but needed for this deck) and a Ranger's Bow.

Shadow 
Dunland are strong for two reasons. Both are played in this deck.
- Site control : It's a bit difficult but enormous when you reach 2 sites
- Possession removal : THE reason why I play this culture.
You need to be very carefull since this is perhaps the more difficult culture to play.

Have a nice playing,
Nico
