---
layout: archive
author: ! Casey "The Demon" Merry
title: ! "Celebration what"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-04-09
description: ! "This is a Cloud City Celebration deck that usually gets the job done."
rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(9)


Kessel

Naboo

Kiffex

Bespin

Cloud CityCasino

Cloud CityIncinerator

Cloud CityGuest Quarters(Starting)

Cloud CityLower Corridor

Cloud CityPlatform 327(Docking Bay)


Characters(16)


Capt. Han Solo

Ki-Adi-Mundi

Jerus Jannik

Mace Windu, Jedi Master

Wedge Antilles, RSL

Luke w/Lightsaber

Padme Naberrie

Luke, Rebel Scout

Keir Santage

Leia w/gun

Princess Leia x2

Ric Olie, BL

Chewie, Enraged

Officer Dolphe

Lando, Scoundrel


Devices(3)


Bionic Hand x3


Weapons(7)


JJ’ Pole

Ewok Catapult x3

Inruder missle

Luke’s Stick

Chewbacca’s Gun


Effects(16)


Disarmed x3

Cloud City Celebration x2

Honor of the Jedi

Mantellian Savrip x2

Another Pathetic Lifeform

Get to your Ships

Goo Nee Tay

Squadron Assignments

Docking and repair facilities

Reflection

Draw Their Fire

Menace Fades


Starships(6)

Han, Chewie, and the Falcon

Red Leader in Red 1

Red 7

Red Squadron 1

Bravo 1

Bravo 2


Admirals Orders (1)


Let’s go Left


Interrupts(2)


Heading for the Medical Frigate

Alter


'

Strategy: '

Alright this deck is pretty cut and dry.  Start with HFTMF and use Another Pathetic Lifeform, Menace Fades, and GTYS.  Start With either Bespin or the Guest Quarters.  Throw down Chewie and Leia at the quarters and you should be ok for a while.  Get Olie and Dolphe on their ships at Bespin to protect against space.  Get somother coud cty sites down and control them with mace or luke or someone.  GEt CCC out as soon as possible to begin your retrieval.  I’ve gottin this deck up to a rerieval of 4 a turn so its not entirely immposible to win.  I haven’y lost with this deck yet..and I hope to stay that way.  Any GOOD imput will be very appreciated..thank you and enjoy. '