---
layout: archive
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! "Watos revenge"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-11
description: ! "This is a anti dueling deck"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

no money, no parts no deal

wattos junkyard

Mos espa

podrace arena

boonta eve podrace

watto’s box

sebulba’s podracer


Blue cards

Blizzard 4 x2

blizzard 1

tempest 5

tempest 3

tempest scout x5

jabbs space crusier

zukuss in mist hunter

ig-88-ig2000

mauls ship

bossk in hound tooth


Red cards

pod racer collsion x6

start your engines

reactor terminal

suprise assualt

phanton menace

tatooine occuaption x2

twilek advisor x3

neimodian advisor x3


green cards

Intruder missile x5


Characters

Admiral ozzel

dengar with blaster carbine

wato

colonel davod jon

boba fett bounty hunter x2

grand moff tarkin

darth vader with stick x2

maul with stick x2

grand admiral thrawn

dr evazan combo 

4 lom with gun

stormtrooper garrison x2




'

Strategy: '

Edit I forgot to add in tattoine system. Please keep in mind that neo-advi is in there for the system. ALso add in fear is my ally for the starting effect. I think everyone would start with this but still add in. Thank you


This is a very powerful deck in stradegy wise. It uses time and force loss for a win. 


There are two things i need to adress.


Why is there one wato? Real simple In any vehicle he is safe. He can only be pulled out ones during a game. So dont lose him at all. I have 7+ vehicles in here so there is no reason he should be lost. They dont get a destiny in watos junkyard. 


Secondly Why no other force activation? Well never need it. I started with 6 force by your self in first turn. U can pull tatoonie system with advisors and establish tatooine occupation. Most of the characters can go down for 3 or 5 for no need to worry about


First turn Activate and start the race. Pull wato and deploy him and a scout or a character down for quick flip. Move the character over for help the wato.


Second turn do the same thing but try to get to the tatooine system out and maul there with ship for drain of two



This is a powerful deck. It is currently 14-0 in current play. Won me the last 4 tournament with commanding differnce of 22.


Winning the podrace is the key. Force loss of 11 and loss of 2 a turn will kill them.


thank you  '