---
layout: archive
author: ! Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: ! "BHBM Manipulation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-10
description: ! "Same Old, same... WHAT?.... same.... WHAT?"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'This is a... WHAT?

I said... this is a Dark... WHAT?

I SAID... this is a dark side.... WHAT?

For the last time, this is a dark side deck.... WHAT?


Start [9]

DS2 Throne Room

Insignificant Rebellion

Your Destiny

Bring Him Before Me

Prepared Defenses

Imperial Arrest Order / Secret Plans

Mobilization Points

Crush the Rebellion

Fear is my Ally


Locations [3]

DS2 Docking Bay

Endor Docking Bay

Rendili


Weapons [3]

Maul’s Double Bladed Lightsaber

Mara’s Saber

Vader’s Premier Saber


Starships [4]

Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Fett in Slave 1

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Dengar in Punishing 1


Effects [8]

Enter the Beuracrats x2

The Phantom Menace x2

Numbers 

Presence of the Force x2

Emperor’s Power


Characters [15]

Ref. 3 Fett

Emperor Palpatine

Myii’oom Onith x2

Tech Mo’or x2

Janus x2

Tat. Maul x2

Coruscant Maul

Lord Vader

Old School Darth Vader

Mara Jade

U-3PO


Interrupts [18]

Sense Combo x3

Alter x3

Control / Set for Stun

Control x2

Monnok / Evader x3

Maul Strikes

I Have You Now x2

Defensive Fire / Hutt Smooch x3




'

Strategy: '

Defensive Shields

The 10 Best shields. Your choice.


STRATEGY WHAT?


This is the same deck that I made back when DS2 came out, and I used it during the DS2-Tatooine era. Of course it went through changes and all.... And, this is hopefully as close to that deck as I remember it. And of course, I’ve added in some new cards for it to work well from Reflections 3, Coruscant, and Theed Palace. Anyway...... onto the strategy....


Card inclusions and why


Defensive Fire / Hutt Smooch


Always good for the protection it gives from Spies. So that little My’iioom and Tech Mo’Or are fine on the DS2 without Empy there {when hes off with Janus force draining}. Also, the Defensive Fire portion of this card {I randomally pick a card from opponent’s hand to be placed in used pile}, works extrememly well with My’iioom and the Monoks.


Presence of the Force


Besides the obvious reason {get +1 activation, and a possible +1 drain}, its a good way to get Empy and Janus out first turn.


Enter the Beuacrats


I don’t know how to spell that stupid card, and I don’t have it near me. But, this card is gold. Only taking 1D from a possible drain of 3D.... pure GOLD.


Numbers 


Thats right, I have the balls to throw an insert card in my deck Lately, with the players in my area, they drop their shields like first, second, or third turn. And they have them all out. If thats the case. Their open. If I have Empy, My’iioom, and Tech out, I have a total of 15. If they have their mains out, they’ll have like a 3-7 total. Making them lose 5 force. Its a good one-shot.


Unto the deck portion


What to do first turn?


Use Mob. Points to pull Rendili. Use IAO to pull DS2 Docking bay. If you drew Janus in your opening hand, and opponent has a battleground. Pull Emy with BHBM and then drop Janus for 1. And relish in the nice drain there.


Otherwise, without Janus, just drop him at the Throne Room, and pull Emperor’s Power with the Throne Room. 


Then set-up attack runs with your characters.


And use Enter the Beucrats, and U-3PO to cut-back on their drains.


Agaisnt WYS Use Vader to capture Luke. Onith should rip them a new @#$% considering that almost all of their characters are male {Melas and Mirax are the only females}, so they will probably lose a lot of characters. Then just drop Tat Maul with DB-LS, and force drain for 4 at their Cantina. And drop Empy/Janus to another site, and Force drain them for 2/3. They probably will not be able to handle this, since especially that their not going to flip. And, if they try and control Tatooine. Drop Dengar, Bossk, Zuckuss, and nullify there destiny, and immunity, and draw 2 destiny.


Well.... theres the deck. If ya have any questions, D-Mail me.


'