---
author: Nico "Tusken84" Kreidl
title: There Is The Best In Ewoks V2.0
side: Light
date: 2002-02-07
description: Even without Ewok Celebration this deck has beaten Hunt Down, Endor Decks, Beatdown Decks...
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (11) 
There Is Good In Him 
Chiéf&#8217;s Hut 
Endor: DB 
I Feel The Conflict 
R II Luke (!!read below!!)
AAAoF (Starting Effect) 
HFTMF (Starting Interrupt) 
Ewok Celebration 
Strike Planning 
Staging Areas

Total:11 

Charackters (30) 
[20 Ewoks] 
Ewok Sentry 10x 
Wuta 
Romba 
Wicket 
Teebo 
Logray 
Graak 2x 
Kazak 2x 
Pabloo

General Solo 
Daughter Of Skywalker 
Chewie Of Kasshyyk 
Major Panno 
Tawas Khaa
Firin
Itorian 3x 
General Crix 

Total:41 

Locations (3) 
Landing Site 
Back Door 
Hidden Forest Trail 

Total:44 

Interrupts (11) 
Nar Shaddaa Wind Shimes & Out Of Somewhere 2x
We Wish To Border At Once 2x 
Hojix & Out Of Nowhere 2x
Inconsequential Barrier 2x
Rebel Barrier 2x
Free Ride & Endor Celebration

Total: 55 

Effects (5) 
Bargain Table 
Yarna 
Bacta Tank 
Reflection 
Mant. Sarvip 

Total: 60 

Defensiv Shields: 
Ultimatum 
Aim High 
Insert Protection 
... 
whatever you want to add [SAC Protection etc]


Strategy: 

---NOTE ---
1) This isn*t just a fun deck!
2) I will make the best Ewok deck out there and one of the best LS decks, so be sure that V2.1 ... etc will follow.
3) Don*t review my English, review my deck please.
---END NOTE---

Thanx To ALL who review this deck and like it!
I hope you will build it and make some games and that you don*t review it just to get more tech points.

--- RESPONESES TO REVIEWS from V2.0 ---
Armaedes wrote:
Unless you play space, Staging Areas is a wasted card slot (Fanfare). You probably don’t need 2 Houjix, but whatever works for you. I think the Bith Shuffle combo is better than Inconsquential Barriers for cancelling Imp. Barrier because it is a higher-destiny and recycles more easily. Nice deck, anyway. 

Tusken84:
I don*t know, the review of Black Viper wasn*t that wrong.
But yeah, you are right... Unless I play space, staging ares will get suspendet. But first: They must have the defensive shield card in the pile + they use one of three...
maybe I gonna add some inserts.. [thinking about Anger Fear Agression]. 

Armaedes also wrote:
I have thought RST Ewoks would be a good platform, but it is SO hard to flip - oh well. TIGIH is a great platform if you aren’t gonna need Luke. 

Tusken84:
Yes, TIGIH is the best platform for an Ewok drain deck.
Of course, that*s 11 start cards, but It*s worth it, because
1) you start with one great effect (stacking)!
2) You start with two locations!
3) You get one of the best charackters out right at the beginning.


Black Viper wrote:
* Sound The Attack lost is ALWAYS worth the card slot. I played 3. They’re great destiny, you most certainly CAN use the used part (what secret are you keeping from your opponent? MORE EWOKS?). 

* Why does everyone play Crix to pull Chewie to pull Wuta? SCREW CHEWIE!!! Wuta is a scout, people! Use crix to pull Wuta and take a fairly useless destiny 1 card out of your deck for something helpful. You’re playing deploy 1, power 7 characters. Who needs Chewie’s power 6? 

Tusken84:
two good points! I won*t ignore that. specially the chewie part. I am d-mailing with Meto about space... check out the 2.1 version please

--- END of RESPONSES ---

Here*s the strategy which was already standing in V1.0:

First: Don*t review it bad, because you don*t like Ewoks and review it not until you 
read the whole stretagy. Thxs 

---RESPONESE TO REVIEWS--- 
First of all, I will make a new There Is The Best In Ewoks. 
But here are the responses I am going to answer, because I don*t think that they are right. If you think not the same just d-mail me. 

Wickey wrote: 
okay, this deck is good, but add in some high destinys. you will get slaughtered to a deck that has sixes tracked, drop most of the unique ewoks for destinys. 

Tusken84: 
I*m sorry but you need at least 10 unique Ewoks because 
the senrtys react only to unique ewoks + that*s the real use of ”Ewok Celebration” + The Ewoks don*t have a bad Destiny for charackters. 

Wickey also wrote: 
if you are worried about retrieval go to the deck, rst. blow the bunker and retreive 8, that is not that bad.you might want to add some space to hold a sight so that you don’t get hurt by battle order. though if there are alot of big blue just play what you said, the she’ll be alright. you do need higher destinys but other than that it looks really good. 

Tusken84: 
NO, There Is Good In Him is a better platform to play because you need your Hut [security for walkers, spy (WUTA!)]. + You have better activation [objective, panno, staging areas] so Battle Plan isn*t that problem. OKay, staging areas can be suspended. 
Okay, the big blue problem. I played twice against a big blue deck. If you don*t make a mistake you will win the drain race (they loose from top of reserve deck!). 
There isn*t enough slots for space, believe me. I tried (before Coruscant). I am thinking about to add some space, but I will let you know in the new strategy section. 


Duke Devil wrote: 
probably the best ewok deck out there, but the problem is that ewoks don’t beat a whole lotta things, even if u do beat the occasional hunt down. 

Tusken84: 
they have beaten: Hunt Down decks, BHBM decks, Big Blue Decks, Dark Deal decks, TIES...what else can DS play? I looking foward to add someting against Watto. But I didn*t play against it. The direct Damage ain early game is hard... 
check out V2.0 coming soon. 

Officer Evax wrote something I am thinking about... 

--- END of RESPONSES --- 

Okay, everyones knows: Strike Planning pulls Solo 
and Crix Madine! Madine pulls your scout (first 
turn Chewie, who puts Wuta who puts your 3 sites!) 
Madine pulls also your Sentrys which you can use 
to chancel drains (Bargain Table). 

--- UPDATE for PLAYING --- 
A Guy I know was playing a similar deck (based by this deck)and I saw the game. He always forgot to stack cards on ”I Feel The Conflict”. I realized that I sometimes forget that too. But that*s one of the most powerful cards what opponent doesn*t expect. NEVER forget to stack!! 
Once I won the game by crossing Vader. 
--- END UPDATE PLAYING --- 

here are some Cards: 
Ewok Sentries: 
YEAH, deploy 1 and : May deploy as a react or may move as a react (for FREE) to a battle with a unique Ewok!!... 
I think that*s the second suprise for the DS (FIRST is that you ARE playing Ewoks)... I like the spearmen too, but I think that*s the better way of playing it. 

Kazak : Adds 1 to force drains whereever you have an ewok! 

Graak: LS mosep 

Loogray: Adds One to battle dest. where you have an ewok 

Teebo: Adds one to forfeit (2 if with Logray) to forfeit of each Ewok. 

Wicket: Track and Execlude 

Romba + Major Panno: Adds Force Generation 

Wuta: Puts the Sites 

Okay, that means you have tons of activation!! 
Your Ewok Sentry (forfeit 1) can get up to forfeit 8!!!! 

This Deck is one of the best Ewoks deck out there. 
I don’t use Spearman because I think to react is one of the best you can do with Ewoks. 

NEVER LEAVE ENDOR (execpt with EPP Obi for a single beatdown ( TRACK and be sure opponent doesn*t play Barrier! ) 

The basic of SW;CCG is the activation... 
You activate ( if oppenent doesn*t get a Imperial )7 Force 
(if opponent doesn*t give you 1 force!) If he gives you one force you can get Crix, chewie, Wuta on table!, so your sites can be pulled. If not, move Luke to the DB and activate next turn 9 force ( 7 if he plays anti Mob.Points stuff, but then he has to play one of three Defensiv Shields, and thats a good aim, so ”Either Way, you win. 
You get activation of 10 if oppenets catch Luke, and DOESN*t give you any Force!! that’s enough for you cheap Ewoks! 

Retrivial is bad, so use Firin, Reaflection... 
Reflection allows you to retrieve one force for paying 3. 
Doesn*t sound much. 
But 3 turn=3 force 
10 turns=10 force!! 

Ultimatum is the best Defensiv shield you have!! Don*t forget!! 

Every game is the same: Drain until your opponent decides to 
come to Endor... and at that point he has lost the game... 


Here are the card changes I have made:
-----
R II Luke FOR D*II Luke
We Wish To Border At Once (2x) FOR The Signal (2x) [If you haven*t WWTBAO twice use Signal]
Hojix & Out Of Nowhere (2x) FOR one Signal and one Hoijix
Pabloo FOR Lumat
Free Ride & Endor Celebration FOR Chief Chirpa
Inconsequential Barriers (2x) FOR one EPP Obi and one A Jedi Resilience
Rebel Barrier (x2) FOR one EPP Obi and one A Jedi Resilience
---

Okay... let*s start with the start:
Why RII Luke...??
I often move Luke to that DB for exxxtra activation and for draining... there is really nasty card called „Always Thinking With Your Stomach“. I remebered that the @#$%-Luke is immune to that card, so he is IN. If you still think your Jedi Luke is better, use him instead of RII Luke.

Why „We Wish To Border At Once“..?
This card pulls also your effects + in late game it pulls itself without paying force.

Why „Hojix & Out Of Nowhere“ and why still no space?
There is no space because that would be too card intensive. You can still beat opponent with drain potential if he plays big blue. I can*t add „Han,Chewie And The Falcon“ because they are on ground!!
Believe it or not, this deck is better without space!..But why the Hojix Combo? It*s a destiny 2 instead of 1 and you can still use the best function of that interrupt.

Why „Pabloo“ ?
Yeah, you can pull Lumat... but you can also pull Pabloo (crix).... who pulls Free Ride...
I realized that the tracking of the v1.0 was bad... you could only track the three signals...
But now you can track your barriers (four cards), we wish to border at once and Free Ride... what allows you also to look at your opponent hand (one card)... and if you are lucky steal one vehicle!!.. that*s nice...

So what is better in that deck...
You realized that I*m still not using „Sound the attack“...
I needed cards for tracking... and you can*t play „Sound The Attack“ on used function. Sure you can, but do you want that DS looks through your deck? The lost function of that card sounds nice but you get destinys from the Effect „Ewok Celebration“. You don*t need that card...
What about 7evens like „Ewok Catapult“? Yeah, two of the catapults and two „sound the attack“, that*s a nice combo. But how do you get the sevens back?... ASP droids... but then you need two of them...isn*t that to much stratgy for one deck?!?
That are six cards!!! If you tell me what six cards I can drop for that combo I will do that... but I can*t find that six cards... Maybe the last six cards:
Pabloo and Free Ride Combo
And the four Barriers ( 2x Rebel Barrier and 2x Inconsequential Barrier )...
What do you think about it?

Why did I drop the 2x EPP Obi...
I always though I can use him for a single beatdown, but that didn*t work. This new deck have playtestet and it*s more defensive and that*s better for an Ewok deck! I play it since September.

I was asked by d-mail how I can beat DS...
Yeah, there are ways to beat opponent... 

1) draining
2) beatdown and reactions with ewoks
3) the flipped side of the objective



Here are some Matchups: 

Hunt Down 
Hard matchup, but not impossible. 
Be carefull and stay in the Hut until you can beatdown him once our twice. Stack Cards on I Feel The Conflict and get Luke to Vader. 

Against Space Drains Decks: 
Drain for 3 at Back Door 
Drain for 2 from Landing Site and Forest Trail 
There*s at least one Itorian out, so you drain for 
8 from reserve deck! If you suspect a lot of Big Blue Decks 
you can add I hope she is alright (for one of your four barriers) 

Against Endor decks: 
LoL, you will beat him because nobody supects Ewok (so WHO uses Imperial Tyranny??) Even if he suspects, you can use the Trail Forest Game Text, you can React, use bacta tank... 

Senate: 
hardest matchup, but the same as Hunt Down 

Watto:
Watto decks often give you the damage in the first three turns,... after that your drains will hurt him...
Safe force... and loose two instead of use... instead you have one of your Rebel Barriers in your hand...
If you suspect Watto add Lost In The Wilderness.

Thanx to all who like this deck
Keep the game alive
Nico Kreidl    