---
layout: archive
author: ! Kody "Mara Jane" Doherty
title: ! "Midway"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-30
description: ! "A speed activation deck that beats down with the help of some little friends."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)

Jedi Council Chamber 

Scrambled Transmission 

Draw their Fire 

Strike Planning 

Heading For The Medical Frigate 

An Unusual Amount Of Fear 


Locations (3)

Boss Nass Chambers

Otoh Gunga Entrance 

Battle Plains 


Characters(15)

Qui-Qon Jinn,Jedi Master x2

Luke With Lightsaber x2 

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2

Han with blaster 

Senator Palppatine 

Padme 

Boss Nass 

General Jar Jar

Captin Tarpals

Rep Been

Yoda Master of the Force

Super Lando R3


Starships(2)

Superfalcon 

Spiral 


Interrupts(24)

A Jedi’s Resilience x2

Wesa Gotta Grand Army x4

We Wish To Board At Once x2

Free Ride & Endor Celebration

The Bith Suffle & Desperate Reach

No Biben Up General Jar Jar

It Could Be Worse x2

Alter & Friendly Fire 

Sense & Recoil In Fear

Sense x2

Shocking Iformation & Grimtaash

SATM & BP x2 

Control & Tunnel Vision

OOC combo 

Strike Block

Life Debt


Effects(8)

A Vergence in The Force

Projection of a Skywalker

Gungan Energy Shield 

Steady Steady 

Goo Nee Tay

Honor Of the jedi

Bacta Tank

Brisky Morning Munchen 


Devices(1)

Qui-Qon Jinn’s Lightsaber


Creatures(1)

Fambaa

'

Strategy: '

Edit


YES WHEN YOU SUSPEND MP YOU CAN ALTER IT. PLZ READ BEFORE YOU RATE THE DECK.

THis is for the dumb people that dont read cards steady steady says any 2 different gungans witch means general Jar Jar and Captin Tarpals can do it. Both i can pull and if they get atacked Jar Jar goes to Brisky Morning Munchcen and Capten Tarpals goes to bacta tank then come back next turn. O and why the hell would u not give luke to a BHBM deck u lose 3 force every turn if you dont. If he duels look then vader is not draining so it will be easyer to take is possy. You can use ICBW to stop some of the damage.PLZ READ WHAT THE CARDS DO.



Sorry about that my Sheilds are 

Don’t Do That Again

Wise Advice

Only Jedi Carry That Weapon 

The grab one

Do Or Do Not 

A Close Race

Your Insight Serves You well 

Aim High

Another Pathetic Lifeform

He Can Go About His Business 

Stradegy 


Early game

first turn pull General Jar Jar Then activate and if you have wesa gotta grand army in your hand use it to pull Boss Nass Chambers with That pull Boss nass with Boss pull Rep Been with him you pull otoh Gunga Enterance. Now that is some nice activation 9 on your own and non for your opponent.If they play Mob points pull yoda first turn then pull alter and use your dont Don’t Do That Again and pull atler with youda and alter mob points.


Mid Game 

You can use wesa gotta grand army to pull battle plains and use another to pull a fambaa. deploy battle plains and pull Gungan Energy Shield and deploy it and the famba to the battle plains.If you have No Biben Up General Jar Jar in hand pull Captin Tarpals with Boss Nass and deploy him and jar jar to the battle plains. If you dont have steady steady in hand by now you can pull it with boss nass. Then you are draining for 4 force at battle plains and you can not be hit by weapons there and you draw 2 maybe 4 battle destenys there.So that means you have taken the site.


Late Game

By now you should be trying to adapt to your opponent by killing them off with luke and obi with stick. Use sense to protect baca tank so your little friends come back every tern.


VS Senate 

This is a fun game you can use palpy to take over the senate and you can use jar jar as a forfit fodder.I have played this game and I won by useing palpy to clear the senate .He came down every turn from bacta tank and I fought at the senate until my opponent had 0 senaters and palpy was in senate majority.Then drain them out.


VS A hard core space deck 

Use your space wisely dont wasted it on something stupid. try to drain with two different Gungans and Qui-Qon with his stick and wait till your opponent spreads out then hit them with your space.


VS Hunt Down 

If they are dueling it is going to be tuff but try to kill off vader with your possy and drain them out.


VS Wato

This is a hard game because your opponent moves fast so you have to try and keep up. Try to kill Wato off and drain them out.


VS BHBM

Give them luke then kill vader and get him back try to set up some drains.DONT LET THE OPPONENT STACK OUR U ARE A DEAD MAN.


'